12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:   1

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
0-S-1-   08261106 E N-K BOLFMT = ACCORDBC  (Copy Accord)
                    N-K-1 BolFmt = AccordBC   for Accord with Bar Codes.   See Attached Sample.
                    Integer Value = 1 will summarize tags.   Integer Value = 0 will print each Tag#
                    The VIEW FORM is used to definespecific customers to use new Bill of Lading Format.
                    Character types AccordBC and Integer Value = 0
                    The AccordBC will print the bar code that print when checking the toggle box
                    Print Bar Code by Item Number.  The user WILL NOT need to check the toggle box.
                    The AccordBC form will automatically print the BarCode for each item starting on the 1st page.
                    This form will not print a 2nd page just for bar codes like the toggle box which prints.
                    
                    If a customer has the AccordBC defined, the attached bill of lading will print with a bar code
                    for each item, but this will be summarized by FG item and PO#.
                    
                    For example, 
                    It there are 10 tags for item 6x6x6 on bill of lading and each tag has 50 cases and 250 per case.
                    
                    Integer value = 0 will print each tag.
                    Integer value = 1 will summarize onto 1 line shows 500 cases at 250 for total of 125,00 boxes.
                    
                    Accord format should also summarize the BOL lines by item/PO. 
                    So if 4 tags were for 6x6x6 for PO# ABC
                    and  6 tags were for 6x6x6 for PO# XYZ
                    The print would summarize by Item and PO#.
                    Line 1 would show item 6x6x6, PO ABC for 200 Cases at 250 per case for a total of and 50,000.
                    Line 2 would show item 6x6x6, PO XYZ for 300 Cases at 250 per case for a total of and 75,000.  
0-S-3-   05081206 E N-K BOLFMT = LoyLang
                    1) Print Freight Terms from the O-S-1 Bill of Lading Folder.
                    2) Print the Freight Terms from the O-S-1 Bill of Lading Folder.  
                    3) Print the Freight FOB Terms from the Release Folder.  If the FOB on O-U-1 Release Folder      
                    is blank, then this will pull from the O-U-1 View Order Screen.
                    
                    
                    Currentl the fields above pulls from the Customer file.  See attachment.
0-T-3-   05081203 E N-K RELPRINT = LoyLang
                    1) Print Freight Terms from the View Order Folder.
                         This currently pulls from the Customer file.
                    2)  Print the Carrier from the O-T-1 Release Folder.  
                          This currently pulls from the Customer file.  
                    3)  Print the Freight FOB Terms from the Release Folder. 
                          If this is blank, then this will pull from  the O-U-1 View Folder Screen.   
                          If multiple release numbers exist on the release  then this will pull from the 1st Release 
                    on the Release.   
                    
                    See attachment.
0-U-5-   02011001 E N-K Jobcardf = FibreFC
                    See attached
                    Change popup that now says Sheets to sheeter/printer to read sheets to Printer
                    When this number is entered, we must look at the job to see if it is two out to the sheeter.  If 
                    it is a two out on the sheeter, they want the number entered here to show as the starting printer
                     count, so the starting sheeter count and pre-make would be half that of the printer count.
                    
                    Also change to title of note field
                    


Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A-C-1-   01291407 E Save last option selected  (Detail or Summary) by user for popup
                    Print Paratmeters should be saved by User ID.
                    
                    The default button for cash receipt popup is currently Detail.....
                    Change  to SAVE the Last Option Selected.
                    So if they Select SUMMARY.
                    Next Time they will just press ENTER and it will run Summary.
                    
A-C-1-   06271317 E Search Field Addition (Cash Receipts)
                    See Attached Screens.
                    When Adding a Cash Receipt, the system shows outstanding Invoices.
                    However, the Line Item details are not shown.
                    Likewise, if you find an existing unposted cash receipt and press bottom ADD button then press F1
                     on the Invoice number.  The Line Item Details is not shown.
                    Please note, currently if you double click the invoice number, that invoice will transfer to the 
                    Cash Receipts Screen.  
                    
                    Logic exists now if you click A-Q-1 to search by BOL#, Order#, PO#, etc.
                    Click A-Q-1 and type Customer Code and existing INvoices Appear.
                    We need to add this Search option to the Cash Receipts Popup.
                    
                    
                    MODIFICATION NEEDED AS FOLLOWS
                    1)  Add Yellow Sort Columns Heading to Invoice Popup.
                    2)  Invoice Popup will have new Radio Button called   __  Balance Due
                          When Checking this, then user can type in Dollar Amount to search for Invoice.
                    3)   New button called Show item Details will load inquiry simiar to A-Q-1.
                          User will search by PO#, BOL#, FG Item, Etc.
                         When Invoice is Displayed they Desire.    DOUBLE CLICK to transfer Invoice to Cash Receipts
                    
A-C-1-   07191301 E Search Field Addition (Cash Receipts) - No ar-cashl record available e
                    While testing the task 06271317,  
                    Error was found when no balance invoice is selected.
                    Error was from original progam(Summary version) and Bug was from Advantzware and Progress ADM con
                    fliction. 
                    Error:  No ar-cashl record available
                    
A-C-3-   10010906 E DB: Add check number field to screen
                    DB: Add check number to screen. This should also display on the VT3 bank reconciliation screen fo
                    r misc checks.
A-C-4-   01081008 E Add export to excel
                    The print to file is not working if you change the report name.  
                    We need to just add the export to  excel format and this wold solve the problem.
A-C-4-   09271110 E N-K AuditDir - Change logic for AC4 to save to disk
                    The N-K-1 AuditDir  parameter is used to save the AUDIT TRAILS to Disk Drive.
                    For example A-U-4 already has this logic.
                    This replaced the files being saved to the RCODE directory.
                    N-K-1 AuditDir Character Value houses the name of the Folder to save the data files.
                    For Example, ASI stores other posting reports know as Audit Trails to the following Disk Drive.
                    P:\ASI10Test\Rco1010\Audit 001\AUDIT TRAILS
                    
                    Change Logic for the A-C-4 Miscellaneous Cash Receipts posting Register  to save to the Disk Driv
                    e folder defined under the character value when posting = YES.  
                    Program name is ar/r-mise&p.r
                    
                    This is ONLY Save to Disk when the user clicks YES to Post will this save to Disk.
A-C-6-   09271111 E N-K AuditDir - Change logic for AC6 to save to disk
                    The N-K-1 AuditDir  parameter is used to save the AUDIT TRAILS to Disk Drive.
                    For example A-U-4 already has this logic.
                    This replaced the files being saved to the RCODE directory.
                    N-K-1 AuditDir Character Value houses the name of the Folder to save the data files.
                    For Example, ASI stores other posting reports know as Audit Trails to the following Disk Drive.
                    P:\ASI10Test\Rco1010\Audit 001\AUDIT TRAILS
                    
A-C-8-   09271112 E N-K AuditDir -  Change logic for AC8 to save to disk
                    The N-K-1 AuditDir  parameter is used to save the AUDIT TRAILS to Disk Drive.
                    For example A-U-4 already has this logic.
                    This replaced the files being saved to the RCODE directory.
                    N-K-1 AuditDir Character Value houses the name of the Folder to save the data files.
                    For Example, ASI stores other posting reports know as Audit Trails to the following Disk Drive.
                    P:\ASI10Test\Rco1010\Audit 001\AUDIT TRAILS
                    
                    Change Logic for the A-C-8 A/R Voided Cash Receipts posting Register to save to the Disk Drive fo
                    lder defined under the character value when posting = yes.  
                    Program name is ar/r-vcreg.r
                    
                    This is ONLY when user clicks YES to Post will this save to Disk.
A-F-1-   01031417 E util/w-updsmn.r   Update Sales Rep on Open Orders & Unposted Invoices
                    util/w-updsmn.r 
                    When the salesman code is changed on the customer file, prompt
                     "Update Salesman on Estimate and Quotes?  
                    See Attached.
                    New Toggle Box to Update Open Orders
                    New Toggle Box to Update Unposted Invoices
                    Add Utilites under N-R 
                    1)  Update of Open Orders by Customer Range
                    2)  Update of Unposted Invoices by Customer Range.
                    
A-F-1-   01041304 E Customer File, Add GROUP field
                    Add new Field called GROUP.
                    This will reference each HPG hospital?s unique GPOID# which is 7 characters, beginning with an H 
                    or S then 6 numbers.
                    Example:  H123456 or S123456
                    Please note, this is strictly to add to the customer file.
                    Any reports that require this data will be a separate modifcation.
A-F-1-   01271205 E Customer wildcard search - Add MATCH functionality to browse sort
                    AF1
                    AutoFind at Bottom should have wildcard search.
                    Add functionality to allow user to do MATCH search on the NAME column to enable user to search it
                    ems for any text that would be contained in the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
A-F-1-   02011303 E New utility to calculate AVG Days on customer totals scrren for ALL cu
                    New utility to calculate AVERAGE Days to Pay on customer totals screen for ALL customers.
                    Use the customer file (Recalc account balance) Button.  
                    Add toggle boxes for account balance and one for AgeDays.  
                    This will use the integer value in the N-K-1 AGEDAYS.
                    
                    Utility will take the N-K-1 AGEDAYS integer value to re-calculate the AVG# Days to pay field on t
                    he Customer Totals screen for ALL customers.
A-F-1-   02031208 E Customer Shipto File to Import Shipto from Excel File  ($50 per Hour)
                    Add IMPORT Button to A-F-1 Shipto File
                    Customer Steps
                    1) A-F-1 find Customer.
                    2) Click Shipto Code
                    3) Highlight Existing Shipto.
                    4) Click New IMPORT button
                    5) This will display / transfer
                         Carrier
                          Warehouse
                          Bin Location
                          Zone  
                    Prompt ___________________________    Excel File  (F1 to Select from Disk Drive)
                    CANCEL    or   OK Button will import shiptos.
                    
                    A)  1st 4 letters of City will become Shipto Code for SHipto File  ending with 0001
                    B)  Company Name will transfer to Shipto Name.
                    C)  This will load Firstname the space then Lastname into CONTACT field.
                    D)   Load Warehouse, Bin, Carrier and Zone from Selection Screen.
                    E)  Duplicated 
                    F)  City, State, Zip to transfer to same fields in Shipt File.
                    H)  Phone# will import to Phone
                    Duplicate City will add sequential number such as KALA0001,  KALA0002, KALA0003, etc.
A-F-1-   02081002 E Change Paper Clip under A-F-1 to Push Pin and Add to O-U-1
                    Change PaperClip to a Push Pin Icon.
                    Add Push Pin Icon to Order Entry via O-U-1.
                    Notes added to the Customer File will be appear on O-U-1 when user clicks Push Pin.
                    
A-F-1-   02111104 E F1 Lookup on City and Zip should Import 3 Fields
                    See Attached.
                    F1 on City and Select a City should transfer City, State and Zip.
                    F1 on Zip should also transfer City, State and Zip.
A-F-1-   02121305 E F1 Lookup on GROUP  from the N-C  =Change User Group = CUSTOMER GROUPS
                    A-F-1 customer file.
                    F1 on field called GROUP will show valid options from the N-C  =Change User Group = CUSTOMER GROU
                    PS.
                    
                    ASI box plant customer must add group called Customer Groups
                    They must enter the valid codes in this file separated by a comma.
                    
                    This will reference each HPG hospital's unique GPOID# which is 7 characters, beginning with an H 
                    or S then 6 numbers.
                    Example:
                    H123456 or S123456
                    
A-F-1-   02191008 E Shipto Phone Contacts To Copy to All or Just one Shipto
                    Find ASI customer ATT1000.
                    Click the Shipto Folder and then click the shipto code ATT1000.
                    Next click the F10 Phone Icon at the Top Right.
                    Delete the Contact Jeff Flaucher.
                    This will then delete from all Shipto Contacts, which is a bug.
                    
                    Then Add a contact to ATT1000 Shipto.
                    This adds the contact to every shipto for Att1000.
                    This may be useful but we need another option.
                    
                    When adding a new contact and pressing the SAVE button,
                    Add Prompt,  Copy to All Shiptos for this Customer?   
                    Yes  -  This would then copy.
                    No -  This would then only add the contact for this specific shipto code.
A-F-1-   03021012 E Push Pin in O-U-1 by Order #  (Shared Mod)
                    Add an Order# to the Push Pin File.
                    You will be able to add customer notes without Orders.
                    You will be able to add customer notes with orders.
                    Both will be viewed in Order Entry. 
                    Please note, Advantzware allows multiple line items.
                    It is possible to have a separate customer PO for each Line item.
                    Hence, you may need to add Many Purchase Order Attachments for one order. 
                    
                    For Example, Attachements added via A-F-1 with Notes such as 
                    Must Ship All Order COD will not have an Order Number
                    Must Place PO on all Orders will not have an Order Number
                    They will show on all orders via the Push Pin.
                    
                    In addition, a specific order you can attached a PO and enter the Order Number.
                    When adding the attachement via O-U-1, the order will transfer to the attachement.
                    When clicking the push pin in Order Entry, O-Q-1 or O-U-1 only notes for that specific order will
                     appear plus any attachement that DO NOT have an Order Number attached.
                   
A-F-1-   03021013 E Push Pin in O-U-1 by Order #  (Shared Mod)
                    Add an Order# to the Push Pin File.
                    You will be able to add customer notes without Orders.
                    You will be able to add customer notes with orders.
                    Both will be viewed in Order Entry. 
                    Please note, Advantzware allows multiple line items.
                    It is possible to have a separate customer PO for each Line item.
                    Hence, you may need to add Many Purchase Order Attachments for one order. 
                    
                    For Example, Attachements added via A-F-1 with Notes such as 
                    Must Ship All Order COD will not have an Order Number
                    Must Place PO on all Orders will not have an Order Number
                    They will show on all orders via the Push Pin.
                    
                    In addition, a specific order you can attached a PO and enter the Order Number.
                    When adding the attachement via O-U-1, the order will transfer to the attachement.
                    When clicking the push pin in Order Entry, O-Q-1 or O-U-1 only notes for that specific order will
                     appear plus any attachement that DO NOT have an Order Number attached.


Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    
A-F-1-   03111005 E Push Pin in O-U-1 by Order #  (Shared Mod)
                    Add an Order# to the Push Pin File.
                    You will be able to add customer notes without Orders.
                    You will be able to add customer notes with orders.
                    Both will be viewed in Order Entry. 
                    Please note, Advantzware allows multiple line items.
                    It is possible to have a separate customer PO for each Line item.
                    Hence, you may need to add Many Purchase Order Attachments for one order. 
                    
                    For Example, Attachements added via A-F-1 with Notes such as 
                    Must Ship All Order COD will not have an Order Number
                    Must Place PO on all Orders will not have an Order Number
                    They will show on all orders via the Push Pin.
                    
                    In addition, a specific order you can attached a PO and enter the Order Number.
                    When adding the attachement via O-U-1, the order will transfer to the attachement.
                    When clicking the push pin in Order Entry, O-Q-1 or O-U-1 only notes for that specific order will
                     appear plus any attachement that DO NOT have an Order Number attached.
                    
                    
                    
A-F-1-   04011005 E Push Pin Notes for ONLY customer, not Order
                    The OU1 Push Pin works perfectly in that it shows customer attachment as well as attachments spec
                    ific to that order.
                    
                    The AF1 Push Pin should NOT show attachments for any orders.
                    The AF1 Push Pin will only show attachments for the customer.
                    
                    
                    For Example, Order 202027 has an attachment.
                    The customer ABCPAC should not show this attachment in the customer file.
                    
                    This is new logic based on user conference how all customers want this to work.
                    Pushpin notes added in the order, will only show in that order (order number is attached)
                    Pushpin notes added in the Customer file, will only show notes without an order#
                    Pushpin notes added in the Customer file, will show on all orders for that customer.
                    
                    
                    
A-F-1-   04291305 E Utility to recalculate High Balance field on past number of days enter
                    1. Add NK parameter called High Balance.  Use integer value to store #Days to recalculate the Hig
                    h Balance field on the Customer Totals Screen.  This will ONLY recalculate when using the recalc 
                    button on the customer totals screen.  Existing logic will remain the same.
                    To recalculate the high balance, the (up to days old) field in the AQ2 screen will be used.
                    
                    2.Add logic (toggle box) to Customer totals (Recalc Acct Balance) button.  If checked, it will re
                    calculate the High Balance field using the NK-High Balance integer value.  If "*" entered it will
                     do all customers.

A-F-1-   07181402 E Customer Shipto File:  Add new Fields FedX#  and Member#
                    Add new Fields to the A-F-1 Customer Shipto File
                    
                    1)  Member#    (Make this a 10 Character Field)
                    2)  FedX#          (Make this a 10 Character Field)
                    Rearrange Shipto File to look nicer per Attached.
                    a)  Move Buttons to Bottom of Screen.
                    b)  Move Field to previous button section after moving the buttons to bottom.
                    c)   Cursor Movement
                           Start at Shipto Fields on Left and go down
                           After tabing to Notes Field then Tab to Top Right.
                          Cursor should move from TOP Right Warehouse Field straight down on Right.
A-F-1-   07231402 E Customer Shipto File:
                    Rearrange Shipto File to look nicer per Attached.
                    Sewas Programming does not look like attachment on task.
                    The Fields are not in the Order that I designed.
                    The Browser was to be Left Justified.   The New Fields to the Right in a Box.
                    
                    1)  Change FedX#   to ShipperID:
                    2)  Move Field to previous button section after moving the buttons to bottom.
                    3)   Cursor Movement
                           Start at Shipto Fields on Left and go down
                           After tabing to Notes Field then Tab to Top Right.
                          Cursor should move from TOP Right Warehouse Field straight down on Right.
                    4)  Change Corrugated Pallet    to   Pallet
                    5)  Remove characters on the Ship Notes lines.   Clean up lines.
                    6)  Put Block Around Shipto Fields.
                    7)  Warehouse and Bin were not moved.
                    8)  Broker toggle box  was not moved.
                    9)  Billable toggle box was not moved.
                    
                    
A-F-1-   08071201 E Customer Shipto File to Import Shipto from Excel File
                    Please document this task from Peachtree.   
                    We cannot send the Excel Attached with their data.   
                    We need to provide customers the exact Excel Format for the new 
                    IMPORT Button to A-F-1 Shipto File
                    Customer Steps
                    1) A-F-1 Customer Shipto Tab - IMPORT button
                    
                    A)  1st 4 letters of City will become Shipto Code for SHipto File  ending with 0001
                    B)  Company Name will transfer to Shipto Name.
                    C)  This will load Firstname the space then Lastname into CONTACT field.
                    D)   Load Warehouse, Bin, Carrier and Zone from Selection Screen.
                    E)   City, State, Zip to transfer to same fields in Shipt File.
                    H)  Phone# will import to Phone
                    Duplicate City will add sequential number such as KALA0001,  KALA0002, KALA0003, etc.
A-F-1-   08221201 E N-K CUSTIMPSHIPTO = Premier  - Import ShipTo from XL - StoreID to Ship
                    NK1 (CustShipToImport) that is specific to Premier.  
                    This will modify the fields that the import looks for.
                    Existing fields will stay the same (Zone should stay around since that drives the carrier matrix)
                    .
                    We will add SHIP ID as importable columns.  I think it will be fine to use the store ID as the sh
                    ip ID, provided they are always unique.  If they aren't, this will have to be disregarded as a re
                    cord on import.
A-F-1-   09231006 E Customer File,  Expand City Code Field
                    City Code does not support all the cities in the USA.
                    Expand A-F-1 and also the ZIP code file under CODES menu (Above User ID).
                    
                    Expand to 5 extra Characters.
                    If this makes other program crash then DO NOT MAKE THIS CHANGE.
                    
                    If expanded City Name creates many other issues then we can add a new fields called Extended City
                     Name.  This field can be used for Business forms. 
A-F-1-   09241306 E Add Excel Icon to A-F-1  View Tab
                    Add Excel Icon on A-F-1 Customer View Tab 
                    This will allow users to export any field from this table and export to excel.
                    All fields on the View Customer Table that are visible in the viewer should be selectable as fiel
                    s / columns for output..
                    
                    Output Parameter will be From Customer To Customer
                    Default to Customers Displayed on the Browser.
                    
                    Once Fields are selected, they must be saved b User ID.
                    When User returns to Output to Excel the fields that were selected last time report ran should be
                     preselected.  Therefore ASI may select fields that will be different then user JOE that may sele
                    ct different fields.
                    
A-F-1-   10051223 E Add Customer to Copy Tax Exempt Date from Customer X
                    Adding Customer imports current date to the Tax Exempt Date.
                    Default to BLANK date.
A-F-1-   10121001 E Employee Alert Icon in AF1 change it
A-F-1-   10221306 E Customer File Book Icon to turn background YELLOW when Notes Exist
                    Find Order 206941. 
                    Click ITEMS tab.
                    Click Item HEW9x9x9 and notice that the Book Icon background turns Yellow.
                    This is because a note exists.
                    
                    Add similar logic to the A-F-1 Customer File.
                    The Book Icon in A-F-1 has 3 categories of Notes.
                    Customer Notes.
                    Department Notes
                    Group Notes.
                    
                    If any note exist then the Backgound should turn Yellow.
A-F-1-   10231412 E New Customer Browser including Active/Inactive
                    See Attached.
                    New Customer Browser with Search Criteria.
                    (Similar to I-F-1 functionality)
                    
                    1)  Customer
                    2)  Name
                    3)  City
                    4)  State
                    5)  Zip
                    6)  Type
                    7)  Territory
                    8)  Rep
                    9)  Active / Inactive.
                    
                    Multple fields can be entered to limit the search.
                    For example,  Active and State = PA and Rep = 001
                    Only Active Customers in PA with Sales Rep = 001 will display.

A-F-1-   11201307 E Add Excel Icon to A-F-1  View Tab
                    Add Excel Icon on A-F-1 Customer View Tab 
                    Add all the Fields from the Totals Tab to the Available Columns selection. 
                    PTD = Period to Date.  YDT = Year to Date,   LYR = Last Year
                    
                    Sales PTD. Sales YDT and Sales LYear
                    Cost PTD, Cost YDT and Cost LYear
                    Profit PTD, Profit YTD abd Profit LYear
                    MSF PTD, MSF YTD and MSF LYear 
                    YTD Sales
                    High Balance
                    Last Payment
                    Open Balance
                    ADP   (Average Days to Pay)
                    
                    
A-F-3-   05031202 E ImportBudget.PDF (Import of salesmen budgget)
                    Budgets Tab:    New Button  Purge Purge Existing Budgets? 
                    Add Program Security for this new Button.  (Discuss with Yoousn if you need help with Security)
                    YES, will remove all budget from all salesman matrixs.
                    Then when they click the IMPORT BUDGETS, only budgets from Excel will be imported.
                    The exiting IMPORT BUDGETS Button will not be changed.
                    This overwrites budgets but does not change budgets that are not imported.  
                    See attachment
                    Email from Colin:
                    From earlier experiences with this upload program, I believe that it may need a "clear-out" optio
                    n to wipe out pre-existing current year budget data from all customer a/cs. My reasoning for this
                     is that I'm not sure what happens if there's prior data for customer ABC Ltd, with whom we no lo
                    nger do business. There is, therefore, no new data to go into that customer a/c, so what happens 
                    to their pre-existing budget data?  (My concern is that it would remain, and thereby become incor
                    rect for the new year, which s/be zero for ABC Ltd.)
                    Colin
A-F-3-   09241309 E Add Excel Icon to A-F-3  View Tab
                    Add Excel Icon on A-F-1 Sales Rep  
                    Browse Tab   (See Print Icon on Screen for Fields)
                    This will allow users to export any field from this table and export to excel.
                    All fields on the View Sales Rep Table that are visible in the viewer should be selectable as fie
                    ls / columns for output..
                    Output Parameter will be From Sales Rep ___________ To Sales Rep  ________________
                    Default to Sales Reps Displayed on the Browser.
                    Once Fields are selected, they must be saved b User ID.
                    When User returns to Output to Excel the fields that were selected last time report ran should be
                     preselected.  Therefore ASI may select fields that will be different then user JOE that may sele
                    ct different fields.
                    
A-F-3-   11071309 E Add Excel Icon to A-F-3  MATRIX Tab
                    Add Excel Icon on A-F-1 Sales Rep - MATRIX Tab
                    Add a Separate Line for Each Customer Type, Category and Margin.
                    For example, Sales Rep 001
                    This will print 
                    21 Lines for Customer Type  =   AAA and Category ____
                    23 Lines for Customer Type = Broker for each Category.
                    Etc.
                    For Each Line Print 
                    Rep#,   Name,  CustType, Category,  Category Desc., Basis, Basis Name, Margin%, Comm%
                    
A-F-8-   08061201 E Enlarge field size.
                    Currently, the Min Rate in the Matrix folder for Common Carriers supports 3 characters, the decim
                    al, and 3 more characters.  
                    Customer requires 4 characters to the left of the decimal - see attachment.
A-F-8-   09241310 E Add Excel Icon to A-F-8  Truck View Tab
                    Add Excel Icon on A-F-1 Carrier / Truck View Tab   (See Print Icon on Screen for Fields)
                    This will allow users to export any field from this table and export to excel.
                    All fields on the View Carrier Table that are visible in the viewer should be selectable as fiels
                     / columns for output..
                    Output Parameter will be From Carrier  ___________ To Carrier  ________________
                    Default to Carriers displayed on the Browser.
                    Once Fields are selected, they must be saved b User ID.
                    When User returns to Output to Excel the fields that were selected last time report ran should be
                     preselected.  Therefore ASI may select fields that will be different then user JOE that may sele
                    ct different fields.
                    
A-F-8-   11111104 E New Load Button to Import Freight Rates from Excel
                    New Load Button to Import Freight Rates from Excel.  (See Similar Logic from G-F-6)
                    See Attached Files for how Excel Columns will transfer to Carrier.  The Excel Format Attached mus
                    t be used for Import.  The LOAD button will be on the A-F-8 Carrier Screen via the VIEW Folder.  
                    Hence the rates will be loaded into that Carrier.
                    1) The First Zip Code will not be imported.
                          However, the first Zip Code should match the G-F-1 Company File zip code.
                          If they do not match, Program should STOP and Prompt "Incorrect Company Defined"
                    2)  The 2nd Zip Code will be loaded on the MATRIX Folder.
                    3)  The CLASS will be loaded to the Delivery Zone.
                    4)  MC1 (Minimim Charge)  will be loaded onto the Min Rate Field.
                    5)  L5C (Less the 500)  the Rate will be load to the 1st Rate Field.
                    6)  M1M (More than 1000)  The Rate will be load to the 2nd Rate Field.
                    7)  M2M (More than 2000)  The Rate will be load to the 3rd Rate Field.
                    8)  M5M (More than 5000)  The Rate will be load to the 4th Rate Field.
                    9)  M10M (More than 10,000)  The Rate will be load to the 5th Rate Field.
                    
                    Program will pompt for ______________________  Excel File 
                    Quantity 1 _____________ Defautl to 499 but user could change.  This will transfer to Matrix. 
                    Quantity 2 _____________ Defautl to 999 but user could change.  This will transfer to Matrix. 
                    Quantity 3 _____________ Defautl to 1999 but user could change.  This will transfer to Matrix. 
                    Quantity 4 _____________ Defautl to 4999 but user could change.  This will transfer to Matrix. 
                    Quantity 5 _____________ Defautl to 9999999 but user could change.  This will transfer to Matrix.
                     
                    
A-L-1-   03251103 E New Detail Cash History Report
                    Copy AC2 (cash receipt posting report).
                    Show posted cash receipts only.
                    Instead of printing the current cash receipts to post, print the history of cash receipts by cust
                    omer range and date range entered on print screen.  Do not include account summary page.
                    
                    Be able to print to excel, email....etc.
A-L-2-   04051110 E New Detail Miscellaneous Cash History Report
                    Copy AC4 (Miscellaneous cash receipt posting report).
                    
                    When printing Posted this will print history.
                    Instead of printing the current misc cash receipts to post, print the history of misc cash receip
                    ts by date range entered on print screen.
                    
                    Be able to print to screen, printer, excel, email....etc.
A-L-3-   01091204 E New Detail Invoice Report (AL3)    (Shared Mod)
                    New Detail Invoice Report (AL3)
                    Copy A-R-10 Report, add new columns displayed in A-U-1.  Arrange columns as follows:
                    GL Number
                    GL Account Description
                    Cust Number
                    Cust Name (but we could remove this for space if that becomes a concern)
                    Invoice Number
                    Invoice Date
                    PO# (In place of Journal column)
                    Customer Lot# (lot-no from A-U-1)  
                    Item# (i-name)
                    Item Description (i-name)
                    Run#
                    Amount
                    
                    Output option to export to excel.
                    Print Parateters ranges from A-R-10 fro Customer, Date and Acct#.  
                    All fields will be maximum database field size.
                    Toggle Box to Skip a Line when Output to Printer or Screen.
                    Output to Excel will not skip a line to enable further sorting/analysis once outside the ASI syst
                    em.

A-P- -   01071001 E N-K CHKFMT = Carded (Copy ASILaser)
                    Copy asilaser to Carded Graphics
                    
                    The first looks okay, however, the second started down about two lines. Of course this increases 
                    with each check.
                    Move the amount, up one line (**FORTY-FOUR THOUSAND ONE HUNDRED TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS AND 92 CENTS)
                    Change font to one smaller size

A-Q-1-   02121413 E AQ1 Excel Export with selectable columns
                    Add an export to Excel for the AQ1 browser.
                    Include all columns shown on main browser and line browser (on invoice detail). 
                    Also include fields that are shown on Inv Header viewer.  
                    
                    Each line should represent  an AR INvoice Line like the main browser displays.
                    Make sure columns are labelled to distinguish between line amounts and invoice total amounts.
                    For example, there should be a "Total Amount" and a :"Line Amount", a "Total Discount" and "Line 
                    Discount" etc.
                    
A-R-1-   01191004 E New Toggle to Print Contacts by Title
                    AR1 Report to Print Contacts from A-F-1 by Title and Sort by Title.
                    This will provide report showing all customers serviced by specific customer service rep.
                    1)  Update Changes to Output to Excel
                    2)  Add Toggle Box to Print Contacts by Title?  Yes/No
                         Title Code _______    For example, they will enter CS for Customer Service.
                    3)  Sort by Title / Contact Selected?   Yes / No.
                    4)  The Report Option will not print / Uncheck Sold To and Shipto Boxes
                    5)  Report will then print Customer Code and Name followed by Contacts Atttention Name.
                           When sorting by Contact and Title,
                           All the customers will print for the CS on the F10 Contacts Icon
                           There will be a page break by CS Rep.
                    FOR Example.
                    If Joe Hentz is defined for 20 customers and Joe Hentz has Title of CS.
                    All customers will print for Joe Hentz.
                    This will provide report showing all customer serviced by Joe Hentz
                    See Attached 
                    CODES File caled Titles will have Title added called CS for Customer Service.
                    The F10 Phone Icon Contacts in the A-F-1 Customer File will house contacts.
                    The Attention field will house the Contact Name of the CS Rep.
                    The Title will house the title = CS..

A-R-1-   01291001 E New Toggle to Print First Invoice Date
                    AR1 Report new Toggle Box to Print First Invoice Date.
                    Toggle Box called Print 1st Invoice Date.
                    This will print similar to new Report to Print Customer Service Reps.
                    This will search the Invoice History File for the oldest invoice date.

A-R-1-   10051224 E Add Toggle Box to Print Sales Tax and Date on Excel
                    New Toggle Box on A-R-1 to print by Sales Tax Number and Date Exempt from the A-F-1 Customer File
                     when selecting Output to Excel.     
                    
A-R-1-2  04141405 E N-K Reports  View Form = AR12 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,   View Form Tab
                    Character Value = AR12   Logical Value = Yes
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when AR125 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
A-R-1-2  11211302 E N-K Reports  View Form = AR12 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,   View Form Tab
                    Character Value = AR12   Logical Value = Yes
                    New Columns Selectable by User Similar to Excel Icons 
                    Customer will be able to select fields to print on report.
                    Customer will be able to add/remove columns.
                    Customer will be able to resequence columns.
                    Report will have same Sort and Print Range Options
                    Existing Fields will be availale to select for Report.
                    Customer Code, Name, YTD sales, LY Prior year sales,
                    High balance, # invoices and average days to pay.
                    Plus New Fields as Follows:
                    Credit Terms                    (Pull from A-F-1  Payment Terms Code)
                    Customer Since              (Pull from A-F-1  Date Added on Top Right)
                    Last Invoice Date           (Pull from A/R History File - Date of Invoice with Highest Number)
                    Account Balance              (Pull from A-F-1 Totals Tab - Account Balance)
A-R-1-5  02081004 E Commission Report Toggle "Gross Profit Margin?
                    Add new toggle box on print selection called "Gross Profit Margin"
                    When checked, this will print the Gross profit margin Percentage on the AR15 commission cash rece
                    ipt report.   Gross Profit Margin formula is used on the O-R-6 is the formula for Gross Margin fo
                    r A-R-15 report
                    
                    If there is not enough room, the Profit Margin will replace the field called Delta.
A-R-1-5  04221407 E N-K Reports  View Form = AR15 Log Value = Yes  Commission Report
                    A-R-15 Commission by Cash Receipt converted to Report Writer
                    1 ) Report will be converted to N-K-1 Report  - View Form AR15 logic value = Yes.
                         This will allow each User to Select What Fields to Print and the Print Sequence.
                    2)  Default Button will copy all existing Fields.
                    3)  All Existing Fields will be Availabe.
                    4)  New Field will be Added called Total Cost .  (This is the Total Cost of the FG Item)
                    5)  New Field will be Added called FG Item Code (This will allow user to replace Cust Part#)
                    6)  New Field will be Addd called    Basis  = G or S
                         (Report Shows Comm % but does not show if this is based on Sell Price or Gross Profit)
                         The Sales Matrix shows this based on Customer Type and Product Category. 
                    
                    7)  Change Print Parameter Label Called Beginnins Date to =         From Invoice Date
                    8)  Change Print Parameter Label Called from Ending Date to  =   To Invoice Date
                    
                    9)  Add new Print Parameter Label  =  From Receipt Date  (This is Cash Receipt Date)
                    10)  Add new Print Parameter Label  =   To Receipt Date       (This is Cash Receipt Date)
A-R-1-6  04151004 E Cash Receipt by Salesman Report (new menu item A-R-16)
                    New Report Menu - List More A/R Reports
                    Attached Excel spreadsheet which shows everything that we will need in the report.  
                    New Toggle Boxes and New Fields on Report.
                    1)  Sort by Sales Rep.   This will print the full sales Reps Name at the Top.
                          New Page will print for each Sales Rep.
                          Report will print in Landscape if this is checked.
                    2)  Output all new fields to Excel
                    3)  Print Customer ?   Togggle will display Name or ID?
                    4)  Print Terms?   Y/N Toggle will print Terms Code.
                    4)  Invoice # - This already prints on report.
                    5)  Print Check Date?  -  Pull this from 1st Cash Receipts from Invoice.
                    5)  Invoice Date - This already prints  the invoice date
                    6)  Print Aging? - New Toggle Difference between the Invoice Date and the Check Date
                    7)  Invoice Amount - This Already Prints the Total invoice amount
                    8)  Print Amt Pd by Customer? - Cash Receipts Total for invoice
                    9)  Print Discount  Method? - Discount-existing Logic or  (Inv$ - Paid$)
                          This Calculate the Difference between the Invoice amount and the Cash Receipt
                    10)  Commission Amount - This Prints Now, Use exising field and logic now printing.
                    11)  Comm % -  This Prints now, Use exising field and logic now printing.
                    12)  Commission - Commission % times the commission amount (Same Logic no Changes)
                    
                    For AR 16 if the commission basis is Gross Profit, it will take the Selling Price and subtract th
                    e total cost, and then take the corresponding % from that value.
                    Commission = (Invoice Amt - Invoice Total Cost) * Commission %
                    New Fields are Terms Code, Check Date, Check Amount Paid, Aging, 

A-R-1-6  10151307 E New Toggle Box ___ Include Prep Charges
                    See Attached.  Report from A-R-15 as an example of the Data to Change A-R-16.
                    New Toggle Box on A-R-16  called   ____  Include Commisions on Prep Charges.
                    If Unchecked, the commission on the $250 on invoice 7311 would be excluded.
                    Please note,  FG item and Prep may have different Commission Percentages.
                    For Example,  
                    The Items tab of the Order and Invoice shows 5% comission for the FG item.
                    The MISC tab of the Order and Invoice shows 1% commission for the Plate Charge.
                    As proof, the A-U-5 Program shows posted data which confirms the commission Percentages.
                    
                    TEST AS FOLLOWS:
                    Print  Customer HEW1000 to HEW1000   - From Date  02/13/14  To  02/13/14or 2014 ony.
                    The Invoice 7311 for Customer Hew1000 for Order  207215
                    Add Toggle Box    ____  Include Commission on Prep Charges.
                    If Checked, the Commission % for FG items vs Prep/Misc Charges must use the Posted Data from A-U-
                    5  
                    If Toggle Box is Unchecked, the Commissiion Amount of the Prep/Misc Charges must be excluded from
                     the Total Amount.
A-R-4-   01221013 E N-K STMTPRINT = LoyLange   (Copy ASIXprnt) New form
                    Custom statement for Loy-Lange.  
                    1) Under the Statement Date/Account# section, but above the detail of activity, 
                         Add Last Payment $ amount, Date and Chk/Ref# 
                    2) Change column heading called Description to Customer Purchase Order#.
                         If there are multiple PO's on the invoice, use the first PO listed.          
                    3)  Change 2nd column heading from Code to Trans Type
                    4)  At the bottom of the form add
                         TRANSACTION  TYPE: I-Invoice CR-CR Memo DR-DR Memo P-Payment DA-Disc      Allowed FC-Finance
                     Chg      
                          Move the type descriptions listed down one line and add box around this list and header
                          If necessary, feel free to move the breakout totals further up on the document.
                    5) Finally, update the statement with one of the attached logos.  
                        I'm not sure which logo will fit  best, and we are trying to keep logos on the documents sepa
                    rate.   

A-R-4-   04051308 E N-K STMTPRINT = PROTAGON - Change heading & Add Column
                    Change Header "Amount" to Invoice Balance (2 lines)
                    Add "Original Invoice" column which will print the "Invoice Amt" field in the top right of AQ1.  
                    Shrink the size of the Description field and move the Customer PO field over to make room for thi
                    s new column.
                    See attachment 

A-R-4-   04121204 E N-K STMTPRINT = Premier
                    Change last 4 characters of fax numer to "3354" - see attachment.
A-R-4-   05131001 E N-K STMTPRINT = LoyLange  (Add BOL# to Statement)
                    Custom statement for Loy-Lange.  
                    Add Bill of Lading number to statement.  
                    (either between the Ref# and Customer Purchase Order#,  
                    OR, between the Customer Purchase Order#, and the Amount field).  
                    Change Column Label description from "Customer Purchase Order #" to "Customer PO#.
                    
A-R-4-   07171404 E N-K STMTPRINT-SouleMed   New AR Statement
                    Copy N-K STMTPRINT = Soule
                    Replace Soule logo with SouleMed Logo

A-R-4-   08201404 E N-K CustomerList - New "Statement Run" Customer List option
                    New N-K CustomerList
                    Logical Value = Yes, activates new toggle box option within AR4 called "Use Defined Customer List
                    "
                    This will disable the customer range parameter (Begin Cust to End Cust).
                    When run, the Statements will be printed, only for those customers that are specified within the 
                    CustomertList ViewForm with:
                    1) Character Value = "AR4" or Character Value = "blank" (applies to all reports)
                    2) Logical value set to YES.
                    
                    Additionally, if the customer field in the View Form is left blank, the User's Customer List will
                     be included in the defined list (N-U, Customers Tab).
                    
A-R-4-   08221307 E N-K StmtPrint = Badger  (Copy ASIXprint)
                    Copy ASIXprint and make changes per attached.
                    
                    1)  Replace ASI Logo with Badger Logo.
                    
                    2)  Add Days Old as new Column.
                         This is the Days between Today and Invoice Date.
                         The A-R-5 Report has a Toggle box called Days Old that has the logic to calculate how       
                    many days old for the invoice.
                    
                    3)  Change Column Label Ref#  to Invoice#
A-R-4-   09171305 E N-K STMTPRINT-Soule   New AR Statement
                    Copy N-K STMTPRINT = Protagon
                    Replace Protagon logo with Soule Logo
                    Remove Funds field in  heading on upper right 
                    Copy all headings to each page going forward.  (Statement, Statement date, customer#, terms)

A-R-4-   10101210 E N-K STMTPRINT = Printers  (Copy LoyLange) New form
                    New Form called Printers - Copy Loy Lange
                    See Changes per Attached.
                    -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Printers will use the Loy-Lange Statement as the base for their custom statement. Besides the log
                    o change, the only other changes needed, are (1) change the header that reads Ref# to Inv#, and r
                    emove the BOL# column with a Job# column, with the Job# Order# to be pulled from ASI.
A-R-4-   10261205 E N-K STMTPRINT = PROTAGON (COPY ASIXPRINT AND RENAME PROTAGON)
                    Copy ASIXprint statement form and re-name Protagon with the following modifications:
                      1) Change logo (to be supplied).
                      2) Move "Attn:" line to print below the name and adress and start the name and adress to print 
                    up higher.
                      3) Re-name the field "Account #" to "Customer #".
                      4) In the "Statement Date" field, print the month in alpha (ie:  instead of 10/01/2012 print Oc
                    tober 1, 2012).
                      5) Print "Terms" below "Statement Date" and "Customer #" and print the terms below (see attachm
                    ent).
                      6) Print "Funds" below "Terms" and print the Funds (pull from AF1 "Currency" code description.
                      7) Remove the column heading Code and do not print the info that currently prints in the column
                    .
                      8) Shift Column Headings "Ref#" and "Description" left.
                      9) Add "Customer PO" column between "Description" and "Amount" and print the PO#s.
                    10) Modify the format of the ageing info at the bottom to match attached example (do not print th
                    e red box
                           shown on the attachment).
                    11) Reduce the size of the font by approximately 10%.
                    12) The "Attn:" info that prints is currently the "Contact" name in the AF1 record.  When printin
                    g a 
                           statement for a single customer, need and "Attention:" line added to the parameter screen 
                    which  will display the current contact.  If this is modified, update the AF1 record and print th
                    e new contact in the "Attention:" field on the statement.
A-R-4-   11191203 E N-K STMTPRINT = PROTAGON - Add footer image to center of stmt form
                    Add the same footer image used on the Protagon invoice to the bottom center of the Protagon State
                    ment form.
A-R-4-   12231305 E N-K STMTPRINT = RFC        (Copy ASIXPRINT).
                    Add logo top left of statement.
                    Add address, Phone and Fax number.
                    2066 S. East Avenue
                    Vineland, NJ 08360
                    Phone: 856-692-0404
                    Fax: (856) 692-2085
                    
                    Note: See attached sample.
A-R-5-   04121110 E New toggle box "print totals only"
                    Add a new toggle box on the AR Aging report called   "Totals Only"
                    When this toggle box is checked, The report will only print the grand total line and percentage l
                    ines only displaying each columns grand total for 30, 90,120 etc...  
A-R-5-   05051104 E Print invoice specific notes from new $ button on AQ1
                    1. New Toggle Box Print "Invoice Notes"?
                         Report to print Invoice specific notes from ($) ICON (Task# 05051103)
                         This note will print underneath the invoice.   
                          Start  the printing of the notes in line with the invoice number field.
                          a.  If there are multiple lines entered in the notes, then print each line next to each oth
                    er,                        separated by a comma.
                    
                    1. New Toggle Box called Print "Collection Notes"
                        The Book Icon on A-F-1 allows adding GROUP Notes.
                        Group Notes with Group = Collection 
                        Group is defined under N-C  menu.
                        When Toggle Box is Checked.   Under each customer heading line, before the invoice     detail
                    s start printing, print the customer group COLLECTION notes from the customer file.     (AF1)for 
                    that customer. This is the book icon notes.  
                        The group note name must be named COLLECTION.  Hard code this name in code.   
                         a.  If there are multiple lines entered in the notes, then print each line next to each othe
                    r,                        separated by a comma.
                    
A-R-5-   06201206 E Add Customer PO# & Job# to AR Aging Report
                    New Toggle Box called Print Customer PO#?
                    New Toggle Box Called Print JOB#?
                    
                    If either is checked the data will print as an extra line under the Invoice Number Field
                    Program will print as follows:
                    Customer PO#  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz    Job# ZZZZZZ-00
                    
                    Please note, the PO# will be the PO# that was on the Invoice.
A-R-5-   06301102 E Print Skipping too many Lines  (Original Task 05051104)
                    Report is wasting way too much space/paper.  If only one line is used for notes, the other 3 shou
                    ld be suppressed.  Do this for both collection notes and invoice notes.  Thanks
                    Original Task Notes Follow:
                    1. New Toggle Box Print "Invoice Notes"?
                      Report to print Invoice specific notes from ($) ICON (Task# 05051103)
                         This note will print underneath the invoice.   
                          Start  the printing of the notes in line with the invoice number field.
                          a.  If there are multiple lines entered in the notes, then print each line next to each oth
                    er,                        separated by a comma.
                    1. New Toggle Box called Print "Collection Notes"
                        The Book Icon on A-F-1 allows adding GROUP Notes.
                        Group Notes with Group = Collection 
                        Group is defined under N-C  menu.
                        When Toggle Box is Checked.   Under each customer heading line, before the invoice     detail
                    s start printing, print the customer group COLLECTION notes from the customer file.     (AF1)for 
                    that customer. This is the book icon notes.  
                        The group note name must be named COLLECTION.  Hard code this name in code.   
                         a.  If there are multiple lines entered in the notes, then print each line next to each othe
                    r,                        separated by a comma.
                    
A-R-5-   09181408 E N-K CustomerList  View Form Character Value = AR5 Logical Value = Yes
                    Example A
                    N-K-1 CustomerList View Control Logical Value = YES.
                    View Form Customer Code =  ___________
                    View Form Character Value = AR5
                    View Form Logical Value = Yes
                    The Above settings will force the AR5 Age Accounts Receivable Report by User ID.
                    The N-U  User ID File has a CUSTOMER Tab.
                    The Customers defined on the Customer Tab will be preseleted by user ID.
                    For example,
                    A sales persons user ID can assign only his customers in the user ID file.
                    When the A/R Agingg report is run, only his cusomers will print on the report.
                    Example B
                    N-K-1 CustomerList View Control Logical Value = YES.
                    View Form Customer Code =  IBM1000
                    View Form Character Value = AR5
                    View Form Logical Value = Yes
		    The Above settings will force the AR5 Age Accounts Receivable Report to Only show the cusomer IBM
                    10000 regardless of userID.
                    Example C
                    N-K-1 CustomerList View Control Logical Value = NO.   This will show all customers.

A-R-5-   10181104 E Payment Trend Average:  New field to AR Aging Report
                    A-R-5 report will print  Average Days to Pay From A-F-1 Totals Folder and Trend Days
                    This will simply compare the A-F-1 Totals Folder field called Average Days to Pay  less the newly
                     calculated Days to Pay from the Days Entered by Customer.
                    N-K-1 AGEDAYS  integer value is used to calculate the  Field = Average Days to Pay in the A-F-1 T
                    otals Folder when cash receipts are posted.  For example, if this were 365 then the overall days 
                    to pay would be based on invoices within the last 365 days.
                    Add New field on A-R-5 Print Screen called  "Days for Recent Trend?"  =  999  (for example 90)
                    (See Attached print dialog screen for the A-R-5 report ).  
                    If this is Zero, new Logic will not calculate to save time printing Report.
                    If TREND DAYS  = 90, then program would use payments received in the last 90 days.
                    The Program will calculate the number of days between invoice date and payment date.
                    The total number of days of all invoices paid will be divided by the total number of invoices.
                    Lets assume the A-F-1 Totals Folder shows Average Days to Pay = 50
                    If the new calculation of the Recent Trend Days to Pay = 45 days then the 
                    Recent Payment Trend = 45 - 50 = -5  which would print on the A-R-5 Aging Report
                    Recent Payment Trend Formula = Recent Trend Days to Pay - Overall Average Days to Pay
                    The end result is that right there on the A/R detail report, you will be able to see customers te
                    rms, the average days to pay for the last year (or however it is defined in the N-K-1 AGEDAYS) co
                    mpared to the 90 day trend (or whatever is defined in the trend length of time in the print dialo
                    g screen).    So for example: A person reviewing the aging would see 1% 10, Net 30   ADTP 45  TRE
                    ND  -5 and know that a customers terms are 1% 10, net 30 and their average days to pay is 45 days
                     for the last year and that in the last 90 days, they are paying 5 days faster than the recent ye
                    ars average.  
                    
A-R-5-   11081006 E Add Company Range to Report for Printing Multiple Company Aging
                    Add Company Range to Report for Printing Multiple Company Aging
                    See Attached.
                    Company Code should transfer from the User Id File (N-U) for the Default Company.
                    This logic will give the ability to run the AR Aged Receivable report for multiple selected compa
                    nies with the company Range Added to Report Heading.
                    
                    
A-R-W-   05151301 E Rewrite Advantzware Accounts Receivable for the web
                    Advantzware Write AR Credit/Debit Memos for Asi Anyware 
                     1. Enter/Edit CR/DB Memos
                     2. CR/DB Memo Edit List
                     3. Print AR Credit/Debit Memos
                     4. Post Credit/Debit Memos .

A-U-1-   01111102 E Create A/R version of N-K INVPRINT = CCCFGL3
                     3CLot#3  - Copy from ColonialLot
                    The new invoice forms will sort differently depending on the customers desired layout.
                    
                    Spoke to Bob 6/18 - Only wants Meadwestvaco done DO NOT DO THIS ONE YET.
                    1) ColonialLot#2 (Sample Inv# 95635)
                         Print Same FG item and sort by Sell Price in Release Folder.
                          If the new Release Sell Price Toggle Box is checked, 
                          this will print separate line on invoice for each Sell Price by FG item 
                          for all releases on the invoice. * //
                    2)  ColonialLot#3 (Sample Inv#95544)
                          Customer Needs to see how many Tailgates on the invoice, but do not pay for them
                    3)  Current Format Exists.
                        Customer does not need to see how many Tailgates are on the invoice.

A-U-1-   03121407 E N-K INVPRINT = Badger (Change invoice to show State intials and "Tax")
                    We have our own invoice template.  
                    Can you change the bottom of the invoice so that is has State intials and "Tax".  
A-U-1-   10091301 E N-K INVPRINT = Adapt (Change Remit To).
                    Change the Mailing / Remit to address to: 
                    ADAPT-A-PAK, INC.
                    1701 Dalton Drive
                    New Carlisle, OH  45344
                    "If you prefer  your invoices e-mailed instead of mailed,  
                    please e-mail your request to karen@adaptapak.com"
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  17

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
A-U-1-   11061302 E N-K INVPRINT = RFCX (Copy LOYLANG via AllWest, via Midwest, via Xprint
                    Create new N-K INVPRINT = RFCX
                    Copy N-K INVPRINT = LOYLANG and make changes from Loylang format:
                    1) Replace logo with RFC logo. To the right of logo, put RFC Address as it appears on the old RFC
                     invoice (do not print the name again since this will appear on the logo).  The address should pu
                    ll from the X-INHOUSE customer and not hard-coded.
                    2) Remove the SHIPPED, ORDERED Column.  Expand the Customer Part #/Description column to fill spa
                    ce.  Replace the label INVOICED with QUANTITY.  Display only the invoice qty on the form.
                    3) Remove CUSTOMER LOTS# from the header and don't print this information in the first column.
                    4) Remove the P/C Column. Add space to the Price column.  Re-center the PRICE/UOM label.
                    5) Reduce the height of the header labels from 3 lines to 2 lines (no longer need 3).  Start the 
                    invoice body one line higher.
                    6) Remove the legal information, ORIGINAL INVOICE, and REMIT TO information at the bottom.  Merge
                     the two boxes in this area into one and print the information that currently appears at the foot
                    er of the existing RFC Invoice (also attached). This would be "<amount-subject-cash-discount>    
                    Cash Discount Amount: <cash-discount-amount> If paid by this date: <discount-date>"
                    Where the <> would be placed by the data that currently prints in this area on the existing RFC i
                    nvoice format..
                    7) Print the attached terms and conditions after EACH invoice PAGE.  They print 2-sided and this 
                    info needs to appear on the back of every page.
A-U-1-   11271301 E N-K INVPRINT = RFCX (Ref: Task 11061302 )
                    See attached file for aliment issues.  Logo image is OK I had to send the image over to the custo
                    mer.
                    
                    Need fixing:
                    
                    1) Make logo smaller on page
                    2) Align center - Date, Customer ID
                    3) Terms -  Align left
                    4) Center - Quantity box
                    5) Center  - Price UOM
                    6) Center - Amount
                    7) Center - Invoice amount
                    8) Net amount - (add margin top)
                    
A-U-3-   01121007 E N-K INVPRINT= AllPkgX - Logo Change and address.
                    Add New Logo to existing Form.
                    Attached is the current invoice format .  
                    The second invoice is an illustration of what we would like to have our invoice look like.
                    Change our company information that prints in the upper left hand corner?
                    
                    Get LOGO from John to get from Client.
A-U-3-   02081103 E N-K INVPRINT = Loylang  (Order Entry SOLD TO Prints via task 02021105)
                    Original task 02021105 was done to replace Bill To address with the Sold To address entered O-U-1
                    .  If the invoice is only for miscellaneous charges, this is not working.
                    
                    ASI Response
                    The Orders Sold To Address must be Defined.
                    Invoices via A-U-1 must print the SOLDTO from the Customer File since an Order Does not exist.  A
                    lso, if an FG item does not exist and the BOL does not exist, the program must still search the 
                    order file.
A-U-3-   09281008 E N-K INVPRINT (Copy Elite and create ADAPT)
                    Invoice Form:
                    We would like to have quoted two ways-
                    1. Remove the "Remit to:" and corresponding information completely
                    2. Replace the Elite packaging information under "Remit to:" with our information.
                    invprint=Elite
                    
                    Note: See attached file.
A-U-3-   10041007 E N-K INEXPORT = GOODMAN (Invoice Export)
                    N-K INEXPORT = GOODMAN (Invoice Export)
                    Upload of Text file with "|" delimiter for Customer = Goodman.  See attached for format.
                    Will need to work with INVPRINT formats ContSrvc and CSC-GA.  
                    Whatever is not setup to export for Goodman will use the export CONTSRVC.
                    
                    Character Value = GOODMAN 
                    Text file for Goodman.  GUI Manual has file format sample.
                    View form folder will store Customers that will use Goodman.  
                    Will need to work with INVPRINT formats ContSrvc and CSC-GA.  
                    If a customer is not defined on the View Form character value then the progrma will use the VIEW 
                    CONTROL character value which could be set up as CONTSRVC.
A-U-E-   02271205 E ASIAnyware AR Cust File Maint
                    No menu uption to add or up-date a customer record.
A-W-3-   05241102 E N-K ARMemo = PremierPkg    (Copy AllWest Form)
                    1) N-K-1 ARMemo = PremierPkg    Copy  Allwest From
                    2)  Replace Allwest Logo with Premier Packaging Logo from N-K-1 Invprint = PremierX  
                    3)  Notes from Fountain Pen will Print on Credit Memo Form
                          This logic already exists on All West Form.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  18

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    Please note,
                    This task should take less than 2 hours.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
A-W-4-   09271109 E N-K AuditDir -  Change logic for AW4 to save to disk
                    The N-K-1 AuditDir  parameter is used to save the AUDIT TRAILS to Disk Drive.
                    For example A-U-4 already has this logic.
                    This replaced the files being saved to the RCODE directory.
                    N-K-1 AuditDir Character Value houses the name of the Folder to save the data files.
                    For Example, ASI stores other posting reports know as Audit Trails to the following Disk Drive.
                    P:\ASI10Test\Rco1010\Audit 001\AUDIT TRAILS
                    
                    Change Logic for the A-W-4 Credit/Debit Memo posting Register to save to the Disk Drive folder de
                    fined under the character value when posting = YES.  
                    Program name is ar/r-dbcr&p.r
                    
                    This is ONLY Save to Disk when the user clicks YES to Post !
C-E- -   04161301 E N-K CadCam = Arden    New Import from Arden Cad Software
                    N-K-1 CadCam 
                    Character Value = Arden
                    This will use the Integration for the Arden Cad-Cam Software per attached files.
                    
                    ADD button on Corrugated Cost Estimating will import the Cad Images similar to the Artios softwar
                    e but an entirely different file format.
C-E- -   12151102 E Need Designer Name added to browser.
                    See Attached.
                    Previous programs were written to pull the Designer Name from Artios into the estimate.  
                    This field will be displayed on the ESTIMATE tab.
                    This field should be Updateable.
                    This will give the  USER the ability to update the designer's name on old estimates that were not
                     created prior to this mod.
                    Add to the ESTIMATE browser at the end of the row.
                    
                    
                    ASI Task 11111102 
                    5 hours were spent to understand and why estimates were missing the name.
                    Old estimates cannot retrieve this data.
                    New Estimates 
                    
D-C- -   05211005 E N-K TSCOMPLETE Suppress Is Operation for machine complete? message
                    N-K TSCOMPLETE 
                    
                    Logical Value = Yes 
                    Will not prompt the warning messsage " Is Operation for machine complete?" 
                    
                    Logical Value = No    
                    Will prompt the warning messsage " Is Operation for machine complete?" 
D-E- -   06131206 E New Menu For Excel Reports & New Machine efficiency Report. **INV**
                    See attached sample Excel Report.
                    Create New Menu Option D-F called File Maintenance
                    First Menu will be Machine Efficiency in Excel
                    This report will only output to Excel
                    Copy D-R-3 
                    Only Toggle Box will be Job Detail will be checked.
                    
                    Print Paratmeter Ranges will be Same as D-R-3 options will be
                    From Department    _____________   To Department  _____________
                    From Machine          _____________   To Machine        _____________
                    From Shift                   _____________   To Shift                 _____________
                    From Date                  _____________   To Date               _____________
                    
                    Output will only go to Excel.
                    Report will be similar to checking the Qty/MSF buttons, however Square Feet replace MSF.
                    Simply do not divived by 1000.
                    Quantity Finished is the Data Collection Quantity Completed for this Operation just as DR3 Report
                    s.
                    
                    
                    Please note, this will have to total all forms for the job.
D-R-1-   03041406 E D-R-1 Add Setup Counts to Excel output.
                    Add a count of the # of setup transactions for a given shift.
                    This needs to consider a setup that was broken-up by a break as one setup.
                    
                    The field should appear beneath the MR Hours column, in the same row as the Shift # Jobs total (s
                    ee attached).
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  19

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Additionally, the average number of minutes per setup should appear to the right of the # of setu
                    ps cell. The calculation for this field  = (MR Hours * 60 )/ # Setups 
D-R-1-4  04231402 E N-K Reports   View Form = DR14 - User Selectable Fields
                    N-K-1 Reports    View Form = DR14
                    Customer will be able to select fields to print on report.
                    Customer will be able to add/remove columns and resequence columns.
                    All Existing Fields on D-R-14 will be availalbe 
                    Default Button will Transfer existing Fields to Report.
                    
                    Plus Fields from Attached D-T Report.
                    Department
                    Pass 
                    Start  
                    Stop  
                    Crew  
                    Completed
                    
                    Customer will select field to create report similar to Attached.
                    
                    
D-R-1-4  11191302 E N-K Reports   View Form = DR14 - User Selectable Fields
                    N-K-1 Reports    View Form = DR14
                    Customer will be able to select fields to print on report.
                    Customer will be able to add/remove columns and resequence columns.
                    All Exisint Fields on D-R-14 will be availalbe 
                    Plus Fields from Attached D-T Report.
                    Department
                    Pass 
                    Start  
                    Stop  
                    Crew  
                    Completed
                    
                    Customer will select field to create report similar to Attached.
                    
                    1)  Add new Toggle Box:  Show only Completed Machines?  ___
                          This will show only the machines with the RUN transaction = Yes
                    
                    2)  New Print Selection Range   From Shift _____     To Shift _____   Similar to D-R-1.
                    3)  New Drop Down to Exclude Machines  (Default from N-K-1 AutoPDC char Value)
                    
                    
                    
D-R-3-   02271403 E Sort Jobs within Shift groups by start time.
                    The report needs to display the order in which the jobs were completed / produced.
                    Example: show that it was running at the end of one shift and that it was the first job# on the n
                    ext shift.   The "Start-Time" on the Routing tab of JU1 should be used as the sort criteria for t
                    he lines within the shift grouping.  This must also sort by date since shifts can span days.
                    For example:
                    Machine  Shift  Job#  
                    SHEET    1        123  (started 2/24 10am)
                    SHEET    1        124 (started 2/24   2 pm)
                    SHEET    1        121 (started 2/24  9 pm)
                    SHEET    2        121 (started 2/24  9 pm)
                    SHEET    2        125 (started 2/25 6 am)
                    
                    Print for Machine 56 to Machine 56   From 03/13/2014  to 03/13/14
                    The Job 207512 From 1 and 2 were postd 6 am to 11 Am.
                    The Job 207359 was posted on the same day from 11 Am to 1 PM..
                    The Alphabetic / Original report prints Job 207359 prints 1st then Job 207512.
                    New Report should print Job 207359 1st then Print Job 207359.   
                    i.e. in the sequence for date and time.
D-R-3-   03081102 E Toggle Box "Total Jobs"  This is within the time frame
                    Add check box to show total number of unique jobs for the parameters that were entered.
                    Currently the report shows the total number of jobs per shift.  
                    They would like a toggle box to show the total number of jobs, excluding duplicates.  
                    
                    For Example
                    
                    Job 123  Shift 1
                    Job 123 Shift 2
                    Job 123 Shift 3
                    
                    Separate line generated at end of report ** TOTAL JOBS : 1
                    
                    
                    
                    
D-R-3-   04271201 E Toggle Box = Print Tons or Qty
                    New Toggle Boxes   Print QTY / Tons/ MSF   
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  20

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Existing Logic prints the quantity of sheets or blanks posted to the machine by job.
                    New Toggle Boxs will calculate total Tons or MSF of board based on the machine feed type. 
                    
                    Roll Fed and Sheet Fed Calculation Formula is as Follows:
                    Quantity x  Board Sheet Lenght x Width (Material Type = B Issued to Job) = Square Feet
                    Square Feet / 144,000 = Total MSF.   (This will print if Toggle Box = MSF)
                    Total MSF  x Basis Weight (Weight per MSF ) = Total Pounds.
                    Total Pounds / 2000 Lbs = Tons.  (This will print if Toggle Box = TON)
                    
                    Please note, this report must find the Board Material issued to the Job via the Job Material file
                    .
                    Machine data collection is by FORM number.
                    The Job's Board materials issued to the JOB will have a FORM number.
                    This Board material will have the Width and Length for that FORM in the J-U-1 Job File.
                    Find the Board Width x Lenght times Data Collection Quantity Produced.
                    Please Note, Waste isn't reported in Effeciency Reports so will be excluded from MSF & Tons
                    
                    Blank Fed Machines such as GL department.
                    This will not use the Sheet Size from the Job File.   
                    Calculation will use the Finished Goods Items Square Inches from the I-F-1 Totals Folder.
                    MSF = Blank Square Feet x Machine Quantity Produced / 1000 = Total MSF  
                    Tons = MSF x Boards Basis Weight / 2000 = Tons.  (This will print if Toggle Box = TON)
                    
                    
                    
                    
D-R-4-   05241004 E Exclude Old MR Hours?  Quoted $75
                    Colonial runs the same job for multiple weeks.  They do not want to see the standard MR values ca
                    rried over from one time period to another.  Add checkbox that will make standard MR hours 0 for 
                    subsequent times of running a transaction.
                    
                    So if a job has run prior to the date range being entered on the selection parameters, do not sho
                    w standard MR  hours if this has already been entered previously.  They would still show the actu
                    al mr hours being entered in this time frame.
                      
                    
D-R-4-   10271003 E Customer wants FG and Job# on report.
                    Add ability to print both Job# and FG# on DR4.  
                    Currently you have the choice of one or the other (see parameter screen attached).  
                    
                    Output both fields when exporting to Excel.
D-R-6-   07241404 E N-K Reports  View Form D-R-6  Logical Value = Yes
                    D-R-6 to Report Writer Format
                    All existing Print Parameters will be available.
                    All existing fields via the DETAIL Toggle Box will be available to select.
                    DEFAULT button will copy Fields to Selected Columns to Print
                    
                    Add new Fields to Available Columns
                    
                    Estimate#                          Report Label =  Est#
                    Board Caliper                  Report Label =  Cailper 
                    Machine Qty                     Report Label =  Run Qty
                    Order Quantity                 Report Label =  Order Qty
                    FG Item Name                Report Label =   Item Name   
                                                                 (This will be the Finished Goods for that Form)
                    
                    
                    Please note, this is a report by Machine and each machine will have a different quantity of sheet
                    s.  This data will be pulled from the WIP Actual File identical to D-R-3.
D-T- -   02101407 E Add Export to Excel
                    Add output  like all other reports.
                    __ Eport to Excel   __ Auto Run Excel
                    
                    
                    Print All Data on Each Line of Excel
                    Print the Machine, Date, Department  on every line on the Excel Output.
                    
D-T- -   11181102 E Add new Column called PS to Report
                    See Attached.
                    The data entry for D-U-1 or D-F-1 shows the pass number.
                    However the report is missing this data.
                    Add a new column call P and the number under the column
D-W- -   02061402 E Add Export to Excel
                    Add output  like all other reports.
                    __ Eport to Excel   __ Auto Run Excel
D-W- -   11181101 E Add new Column called PS oo Report
                    See Attached.
                    The data entry for D-U-1 or D-F-1 shows the pass number.
                    However the report is missing this data.
                    Add a new column call P and the number under the column
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  21

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
E- - -   01191010 E SPEC folder Icon COLOR change when Notes Exist. (Shared Mod) **INV***
                    When notes exist on Book Icon SPEC Icon, change Color of Icon.
                    Book Notes / Spec Notes are specifications for a specific Finished Goods Item
                    This can be updated in the following modules.
                    Folding Estimating
                    Corrugated Estimating
                    Order Processing
                    Finished Goods
E- - -   01191011 E SPEC folder Icon COLOR change when Notes Exist.  (Shared Mod)
                    When notes exist on Book Icon SPEC Icon, change Color of Icon.
                    Book Notes / Spec Notes are specifications for a specific Finished Goods Item
                    This can be updated in the following modules.
                    Folding Estimating
                    Corrugated Estimating
                    Order Processing
                    Finished Goods
E- - -   01191013 E SPEC folder Icon COLOR change when Notes Exist.
                    When notes exist on Book Icon SPEC Icon, change Color of Icon.
                    Book Notes / Spec Notes are specifications for a specific Finished Goods Item
                    This can be updated in the following modules.
                    Folding Estimating
                    Corrugated Estimating
                    Order Processing
                    Finished Goods
E- - -   03120903 E N-K Artios Cad Link - New Parameter to download Artios Files into Esti
                    NEW Button ADD Set Estimate via CAD.
                    This will Prompt to Create SET Header Page then Prompt
                    Part 1.    Cad File ___________          Part 2.    Cad File ___________ 
                    Part 3.    Cad File ___________          Part 4.    Cad File ___________ 
                    etc.
                    
                    F1 will provide lookup to Cad File.  Once Added the program will create FORM for each Cad file an
                    d import Style, L, W, D, Blank Size, Score Types, Board Code, Board Size, etc.
                    
                    Add Cad# field to end of Estimate Broswer.
                    Also, add Button on the estimate SPEC folder called Cad.
                    Same logic on Button will be on the CAD# field as the Cad button.
                    When pressed, the estimator will pick a cad# from an Artios file on the server that will then imp
                    ort the style, blank length, width, depth, board code, die size, etc.   
                    
                    N-Z-11 will be a Cad Cross Reference file with two columns Cad Field  & ASI Field Name.
                    The cross reference will find the cad field name, then transfer the ASI field name to estimate.
                    
                    New N-K-1 ArtiosCad File.  Logical value YES will require password logic identical to RelCredt.  
                    Character Value will House Customer Name which will Index to Store FTP, Cad Files, Etc.
E- - -   03171009 E Estimate Print Folder (Add machine Codes)
                    On the estimate screen, PRINT tab, PRINT BOX button.
                    Add the Machine Codes listed on the PREP / ROUTE tab bottom table under machine column
                    Each Machine code will be separated by a comma.
                    For example,  if four machines were on the job routing they would print as follows:
                    Sliter, Press, D/C, Haire,
                    Please add the routing right below where the Customer name prints.
                     
                    Please see attached.
E- - -   03301108 E N-K QUOPRINT = Fibre-Excel
                    1) When CPU (customer pick up) is entered on the Inks/Pack page of the estimate, quote
                         should print "Our Dock" in the FOB field - see attached.
                    2) See attachment - Remove  2nd board description and blank line below it.
                    3) Add a space under Miscellaneous material.
                    4) If the "Print Components" Box is checked, remove the item info as shown on attachment.
                    
E- - -   07081203 E Resize Project EQ
                    Resize Project
E-A- -   01131010 E Advantzware to ASI Anywhere
                    See Attached
E-A- -   01181010 E Releasing the order creates an e-mail and sent from WHO
                    See Attached
                    When you click the release buton an e-mail is created and sent.  The email should be sent from th
                    e e-mail address for that customer in the USER ID File.
                    
                    All e-mails that are automatically created should be sent from the User ID E-mail Address.
E-A- -   01201008 E Ecodes and email alerts
                    We Need New SQL database Table called EMAIL Alerts.   (See Attached)
                    Fields will be 
                    Program Name   __________________________
                    From Email Address  _____________________________________________________
                    TO:   This comes from our ECODES file (Attached)
                    Email Subject   __________________________________________________________
                    
                    The Program name will be the name of your program that calls the EMAIL alert.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  22

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    For example, when IBM releases an order, ASI Anywhere generates an email.
                    This program name will be hard coded and not updatable.
                    The FROM email will allow the user to enter who generated the email.
                    The subject will be standared message.
                    
                    For example a Request for Quote.
                    From   Sales@AdvancedPackging.com
                    Subject:  Thanks for Opportunity to Quote to your Company.
                    Body:   This will pull RFQ Number, and other real data.
                    
                    For example a Order is Placed
                    From:  CustomerService@AdvancedPackaging.com
                    Subject:  Thanks for Your Order, We appreciate Your Business.
                    Body:    This will pull the Order#, PO#,  Quantity and Sell Price
E-A- -   01291304 E ASI Anyware Installation on new server.  (Install Part of Contract)
                    ReInstall ASI Anyware and Progress App Server on new server.
                    Also install My SQL and other Microsoft Components Required for ASI Anyware  
                    
E-A- -   02241010 E Created Order E-mail alert
                    After an order is created an e-mail should be generated.
                    
                    For example a Order is Placed
                    From:  joe@advantzware.com
                    Subject:  Thanks for Your Order, We appreciate Your Business.
                    Body:    This will pull the Order#, PO#,  Quantity and Sell Price
E-A- -   03081003 E TO on email alerts
                    Sorry about the other task Joe said one thing but meant the other.  Get rid of the Lou@IBM.net an
                    d Bob@Hershey.com on the TO.
                    
                    See Attachment
                    
                    The ASI USER FILE will have the email to use for the TO address.
                    We should use a combination of ECODE and the User ID?s email address.
                    
                    The box manufacturer must create a user ID for their customers and the email address.
                    Therefore, we know the email address.
                    
                    For example, IBM will request a quote.
                    IBM  (Email below is IBM@BigBlue.com)  is submitting a request for quote.
                    The quote arrives on via ASI Anyware to the box plants server.
                    This then sends an email confirmation.
                    
                    The FROM is from the new ASI Anyware Email File.
                    
                    The TO: is pulled from the USER ID email 
                    The TO: is also pulled from the ECODES contacts for IBM1000.
E-A- -   03101010 E Customer Lookup - hit Enter or Return
                    See Attached
                    If you search for something in the lookup and hit ENTER or RETURN the search should run as if you
                     click the GO button.
E-A- -   03101012 E Contacts Lookup - when searching does nothing
                    See Attached
                    I have no idea what I am searching for.  Is it First name, Last name, or any of the others.  Eith
                    er way this is not working.
E-A- -   03101013 E Estimate Lookup - hit Enter or Return
                    See Attached
                    If you search for something in the lookup and hit ENTER or RETURN the search should run as if you
                     click the GO button.
E-A- -   03101014 E RFQ Lookup - hit Enter or Return
                    See Attached
                    If you search for something in the lookup and hit ENTER or RETURN the search should run as if you
                     click the GO button.
E-A- -   03101015 E Customer Part Lookup - hit Enter or Return
                    See Attached
                    If you search for something in the lookup and hit ENTER or RETURN the search should run as if you
                     click the GO button.
E-A- -   03101016 E Company Lookup - hit Enter or Return
                    See Attached
                    If you search for something in the lookup and hit ENTER or RETURN the search should run as if you
                     click the GO button.
E-A- -   03101017 E Carrier Lookup - hit Enter or Return
                    See Attached
                    If you search for something in the lookup and hit ENTER or RETURN the search should run as if you
                     click the GO button.
E-A- -   03101019 E Categories Lookup - hit Enter or Return
                    See Attached
                    If you search for something in the lookup and hit ENTER or RETURN the search should run as if you
                     click the GO button.
E-A- -   03101021 E Bin Lookup - hit Enter or Return
                    See Attached
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  23

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    If you search for something in the lookup and hit ENTER or RETURN the search should run as if you
                     click the GO button.
E-A- -   03101023 E Order Lookup - Begin not working
                    See Attached
E-A- -   03101024 E Order Lookup - hit Enter or Return
                    See Attached
                    If you search for something in the lookup and hit ENTER or RETURN the search should run as if you
                     click the GO button.
E-A- -   03101026 E Job Lookup - Begin not working for job#
                    See Attached
E-A- -   03101027 E Sales Rep Lookup - hit Enter or Return
                    See Attached
                    If you search for something in the lookup and hit ENTER or RETURN the search should run as if you
                     click the GO button.
E-A- -   03111010 E User ID Lookup - 2 Broard Po in drop list
                    See Attached
E-A- -   03111011 E User ID Lookup - hit Enter or Return
                    See Attached
                    If you search for something in the lookup and hit ENTER or RETURN the search should run as if you
                     click the GO button.
E-A- -   03291009 E Buttons to be on Left Justified
                    All the buttons on the top right of the screen need to be left justified on all the screens.
E-A- -   04141009 E Board Lookup - hit Enter or Return
                    If you search for something in the lookup and hit ENTER or RETURN the search should run as if you
                     click the GO button.
E-A- -   04141010 E Board Lookup - Get rid of the search for ANY
                    Delete the ANY search field on the Board Lookup.
E-A- -   04141014 E Remove Sharp Shooter for SHIP
                    Remove Sharp SHooter for SHIP.  This should just be in TEST
E-A- -   09081009 E Cursor needs to be in the Search Fields on the Lookups
                    The Cursor needs to be in the search field right after the lookup pops up.  This needs to happen 
                    for every lookup.
E-A- -   10041009 E Ecodes and email alerts  (Old Task 01201008) df change delta_asi_1000_
                    Add new folder called Employee Alerts
                    
                    Current logic generates an email to contacts by customer which is perfect.
                    However, we need a more dynamic option to e-mail internal users from the N-Z-User File.
                    This new database table must be created under Advantzware and used by ASI Anyware.
                    Create new folder in codes - email codes.
                    
                    F1 on user ID should show Users from N-U.
                    Add New User to Emp Alert  is not saving Yes / No on Programs..
                    AddEOrder will be new Program for Adding Orders via ASI Anyware.
                    AddERFQ will be new Program for Adding Request for Quotes via ASI Anyware.
                    AddERelease will be new Program for Adding Release via ASI Anyware.
                    AddEFGReceipt will be new Program for Adding Finished Goods Receipts via ASI Anyware.
                    
                    Customer Code = ALL  will be programmed for all cusotmers to have one set of User Id's for the E 
                    Program.   For example,  AddEOrder may have one customer = ALL and then any order added for any c
                    ustomer via ASI Anyware will send and email to the user Id's defined for ALL.
E-A-A-P1 10111201 E ReWrite Advantzware Vendor Invoice for asi Anyware
E-A-A-R  10041013 E Accounts Receivable
                    1.  Create to Accounts Receivable Menu on the Left.
                    2.  Create the Sub Menus Query Accounts Receivable
                    3.  Copy the AR Invoices Inquiry under the Query Orders under Order Processing and put it        
                       under the sub menu Query Accounts Receivable.  They should be in both places.
E-A-C-   12041201 E Add Sales Rep to Filter and as new Column
                    See Attached
                    
                    1)  Add Sort Filter Option called Sales Rep
                         The N-U Users file will define the SALES reps that will display on the screen.
                          
                           For Example.  User ID = IBM  has only the Sales Rep = 001.
                          Therefore, when logging in as IBM the new Sort Filter should default to Sales Rep 001.
                          Only valid Reps are by User ID.
                    
                          As another Example,  Owners and Managers need to see all sales Reps.
                          User ID ASI has all the sales reps defined.
                          Therefore, this will default Sales Rep Filter to ALL.
                           ALL Will show all contacts for all sales Reps.
                           Or Sales Manager can enter one Sales Rep at a time.       
                    
                    2)  Add Column = Rep    
                          This will list of Customers and Prospective Customers for that Sales Rep Only.
E-A-C-C  03101025 E Type Lookup - hit Enter or Return
                    See Attached
                    If you search for something in the lookup and hit ENTER or RETURN the search should run as if you
                     click the GO button.
E-A-C-C  03101031 E City Lookup - hit Enter or Return
                    See Attached
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  24

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    If you search for something in the lookup and hit ENTER or RETURN the search should run as if you
                     click the GO button.
E-A-C-C  03101032 E City Lookup - begin and equal not working
                    See Attached
E-A-E-   03051004 E Email Alert for printing a Quote
                    When someone prints a quote an E-mail Notification should be sent out.
E-A-E-   03081002 E Changes in the Quote PDF on APC and Xprint
                    SEE ATTACHED.
                    Some of the headings with the data below it need to be move to the left so they can be read.
E-A-E-   03291015 E Print Quote Email Alert for External users only
                    This email alert should only be sent out if an EXTERNAL user is logged into ASI Anywhere.
                    
                    The Email shouldn't be sent out if an INTERNAL user is logged in.
E-A-E-   03301011 E Estimating Corrugated - adding estimate move cursor after test
                    See Attached
                    After you type in the test and hit tab the crusor goes all the way back to the customer.  The cru
                    sor should be placed into the category field.
                    
                    Move the cursor to category only if flute and test after entered in so that the board and caliper
                     are automatically eneter in.
E-A-E-   03301013 E Estimating Corrugated - adding estimate move cursor after releases
                    See Attached
E-A-E-   03301015 E Estimating - Prep/Route Folder - make it look like Advantzware
                    See Attached
E-A-E-   04091008 E Estimating Folding - adding estimate move cursor after releases
                    See Attached
E-A-E-   04161020 E Corrugated Estimate - have adding an estimate to be in columns
                    See Attached
E-A-E-   04211006 E Folding Estimate - have adding an estimate to be in columns
                    See Attached
                    Have the columns all in one row.
E-A-E-   04211007 E Corrugated Estimate - adding an estimate - logged in as External
                    When logging in to an external user and adding an estimate the customer name and ship to field ne
                    ed to default to that customer.
E-A-E-   04211008 E Folding Estimate - adding an estimate - logged in as External user
                    When logging in to an external user and adding an estimate the customer name and ship to field ne
                    ed to default to that customer.
E-A-E-   04211014 E Corrugated and Folding Estimate - PRINT Folder - See Notes for changes
                    See Attached
                    In ASI Aanyware if you have not clicked the calculate buttton in Advantzware, ASI Anyware display
                    s no records with no buttons what so ever.  The columns still have to be displayed along with the
                     buttons so that you can calculate the price in ASI Anyware.
                    
                    Make the Print Folder look just like Advantzware even if there are no records.  This screen needs
                     to have the buttons and their functions so that you can calculate something.
                    
                    7/6/10 MJH
                    When you click the calculate button you need to be able to choose a vendor if that board has any 
                    vendor in the raw materials file.  Also under Corrugated the the calulate button is giving me a s
                    erver error after the release screen.
                    
                    7/22/2010 MJH
                    See attached for steps if there isn't any records displayed
                    Only if there is a record the displayed then the screen to append or purge should be displyed bef
                    ore choosing a vendor.
                    
                    7/23/2010 MJH
                    Corrugated estimates need to be able to select a vendor as well
                    
                    8/10/2010 MJH
                    Est# 8162 ASI Anyware
                    Est# 8163 Advantzware
                    Some of the fields are incorrect.  I believe its the different board types that are causing this 
                    problem because some of the boards are correct.
E-A-E-   04211019 E Corrugated Estimates - List Estimate
                    When I get to this screen the rows should be descending by the Estimate Number
E-A-E-   04211020 E Folding Estimates - List Estimate
                    When I get to this screen the rows should be descending by the Estimate Number
E-A-E-   04211026 E Corrugated Estimate - PRINT Folder - View Button
                    See Attached
                    Change the v to a V and when I click on the View Button I get this Error.
E-A-E-   04211027 E Folding Estimate - PRINT Folder - View Button
                    See Attached
                    Change the v to a V and when I click on the View Button I get this Error.
E-A-E-   04281004 E Folding Estimates - Est Date
                    When adding a new folding estimate and you use the look up for entering the date the cursor moves
                     up to the top of the screen after you hit tab.  The cursor needs to move to the right of the Est
                     Date field.
E-A-E-   04281005 E Corrugated Estimate - Saving Quantites
                    When you are adding a new estimate and you enter the quantites in and click the save quantites bu
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  25

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    tton the cursor is being moved to the top of the screen.  The cursor needs to be moved to the syt
                    le field after you click save quantites button.
E-A-E-   04281011 E N-K CEROUTEF - Working in TEST but not SHIP
                    When I add a Folding estimate in TEST the Layout folder is working great but in SHIP the estimate
                     is not looking at the N-K CEROUTEF.  This should just need to be deployed.
E-A-E-   05101011 E Corrugated Estimates - after Flute and Test field screen needs to move
                    After you type in the flute and test the screen moves all the way to the left while the cursor is
                     in the category field.  You need to be able to see the category field without moving the scroll 
                    bar.  I think that you should have the screen move so that Test is on the left. (See Attached)
E-A-E-   05101012 E Corrugated Estimates - after Category field screen needs to move
                    After you type in the Category the screen moves all the way to the left while the cursor is in th
                    e Length field.  You need to be able to see the Length field without moving the scroll bar.  The 
                    screen should say where its at so you can see the last fields.
E-A-E-   05101013 E Folding Estimates - after Board field screen needs to move
                    After you type in the Board the screen moves all the way to the left while the cursor is in the P
                    aper 1 field.  You need to be able to see the Paper 1 field without moving the scroll bar.  I thi
                    nk that you should have the screen move so that Paper 1 is on the left. (See Attached)  Which mea
                    ns that the scroll bar on the buttom is all the way to the right.
E-A-E-   05101014 E Folding Estimates - after Category field screen needs to move
                    After you type in the Category the screen moves all the way to the left while the cursor is in th
                    e Length field.  You need to be able to see the Length field without moving the scroll bar.  The 
                    screen should say where its at so you can see the last fields.
E-A-E-   05171003 E Corrugated Estimate - Saving Quantites
                    There must be 1 quantity field.
                    However you TAB past second quantity field, then this should SAVE quantity fields and cursor shou
                    ld move to Style File.
                    
                    With this logic no save quantities button is required.
E-A-E-   05171011 E Corrugated Estimates - cursor should move from field to field
                    When adding a new estimate and you are typing in information and hitting the TAB key the cursor s
                    hould be going from field to field.  The cursor should skip over the lookups.
E-A-E-   05171012 E Folding Estimates - cursor should move from field to field
                    When adding a new estimate and you are typing in information and hitting the TAB key the cursor s
                    hould be going from field to field.  The cursor should skip over the lookups.
E-A-E-   05171013 E Corrugated Estimates - Purchased/Manufactured
                    When adding a new estimate this field should default to M not P
E-A-E-   05171014 E Folding Estimates - Purchased/Manufactured
                    When adding a new estimate this field should default to M not P
E-A-E-   05171016 E Corrugated and Folding Estimates - Lenght to Length
                    See Attached
                    Length is spelled incorrectly and needs to be changed from Lenght to Length
E-A-E-   05191002 E Corrugated Estimating - move fields and field names
                    See Attached
                    All the field headings and all the fields need to be level they should be up or down a little bit
                     from the field next to them.  Also the field headings are all spaced a little bit differently th
                    en the next one.
E-A-E-   05191003 E Folding Estimating - move fields and field names
                    All the field headings and all the fields need to be level they should be up or down a little bit
                     from the field next to them.  Also the field headings are all spaced a little bit differently th
                    en the next one.
E-A-E-   05191006 E Corrugated Estimating - Estimate Field
                    When adding a new estimate there needs to be a new field to the begining of the row called Est# o
                    r Estimate# and below that the next available estimate number should be displayed.  You shouldn't
                     be able to change the estimate number
E-A-E-   05191007 E Folding Estimating - Estimate Field
                    When adding a new estimate there needs to be a new field to the begining of the row called Est# o
                    r Estimate# and below that the next available estimate number should be displayed.  You shouldn't
                     be able to change the estimate number
E-A-E-   05201002 E Estimating - Prep/Route Folder
                    Make the Folding look just like the Corrugated
                    The Estimate Run Qty needs to be in between the Preparations and the Operations
E-A-E-   05281005 E Folding Estimates - Qty/Set
                    When adding an estimate the Qty/Set needs to default to one but you can still change it.
E-A-E-   05281006 E Corrugated Estimates - Qty/Set
                    When adding an estimate the Qty/Set needs to default to one but you can still change it.
E-A-E-   05281009 E Folding Estimate - Cust Part #
                    After you tab pass the Cust Part # an error message needs to pop up if it is blank.
E-A-E-   05281010 E Corrugated Estimate - Cust Part #
                    After you tab pass the Cust Part # an error message needs to pop up if it is blank.
E-A-E-   05281011 E Folding Estimate - Invalid Category error
                    See Attached
                    Category is misspelled.
E-A-E-   06011002 E Category Lookup -  No Close Button
                    See Attached
                    Ther is no close button on the category lookup.  This should up should have one.
E-A-E-   06011009 E Corrugated Estimates - Form and Blank Fields
                    See Attached
                    When adding a corrugated estimate there need to be two fields in between the Depth and Tab field.
                      Those two field be the Form field and then the Blank field.  This will relate to the form and t
                    he blank of a single, set, or combo estimate.  These field cannot be changed and the cursor needs
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  26

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     to skip over these fields.
E-A-E-   06011010 E Corrugated Estimate - 4 fields in between Qty/Set and Purchase/Manu
                    See Attached
E-A-E-   06011012 E Folding Estimates - 5 Fields need to be added between Coating and Die
                    See Attached
                    These fields need to be added when adding an estimate.  This cannot be changed and the cursor nee
                    ds to skip over them.
E-A-E-   06011014 E Folding Estimates - 4 Fields need to be added between Die Inches and P
                    See Attached
                    These fields need to be added when adding an estimate.  These cannot be changed and the cursor ne
                    eds to skip over them.
E-A-E-   06021004 E Folding Estimates - Add Blank to Form Button
                    On the VIEW ESTIMATE Folder there needs to be an Add Blank to Form button that will add a blank t
                    o the form on the estimate.
E-A-E-   06021005 E Corrugated Estimates - Add Blank to Form Button
                    On the VIEW ESTIMATE Folder there needs to be an Add Blank to Form button that will add a blank t
                    o the form on the estimate.
E-A-E-   06021011 E Corrugated Estimates - Tab field default to IN
                    The Tab Field needs to default to IN.
E-A-E-   06021012 E Corrugated Estimates - Passes default to 1
                    Only when colors are entered into the Colors field then the Passes field needs to default to 1.  
                    You also need to be able to change this because you might have to have more than 1 pass for the c
                    olors.
E-A-E-   06021013 E Corrugated Estimates - Coat Passes default to 1
                    Only when Coatings are entered into the Coating field then the Coat Passes field needs to default
                     to 1.  You still need to be able to change this field because you might need to have more than 1
                     coating passes.
E-A-E-   06021014 E Folding Estimates - Abnormal Box Message
                    See Attached
                    If the Width is larger than the Length this message needs to be displayed after you hit the TAB k
                    ey.
E-A-E-   06021015 E Corrugated Estimates - Abnormal Box Message
                    See Attached
                    If the Width is larger than the Length this message needs to be displayed after you hit the TAB k
                    ey.
E-A-E-   06021016 E Corrugated Estimates - Inks/Form = Colors
                    If colors are entered in then the Inks/Form Field equals the colors field.
E-A-E-   06021017 E Corrugated Estimates - Coating/Form = Coating
                    If coatings are entered in then the Coatings/Form Field equals the Coatings field.
E-A-E-   06021018 E Corrugated Estimates - Passes = Passes/Form
                    If passes are entered in then the Passes/Form Field equals the Passes field.
E-A-E-   06021020 E Corrugated Estimates - Coat Passes = Coat Passes/Form
                    If Coat passes are entered in then the Coat Passes/Form Field equals the Coat Passes field.
E-A-E-   06171003 E Corrugated Estimates - Add Blank to Form Button - Length, Width, and D
                    The corrugated Estimates are doing what the Folding was doing with the length, width,  and depth.
                      They are adding a Zero after you type in a number.  Have this just like Folding is.
E-A-E-   06171004 E Prep/Route Folder - Preparation - Reset Button
                    See Attached for Order of Buttons
                    
                    For Corrugated and Folding Estimates under Preparation in the PREP/ROUTE Folder there needs to be
                     a Reset Button.  You should only be able to use this button unless the Add or Update Button is c
                    licked.  This button needs to work just as it does in ASI.
E-A-E-   06171005 E Prep/Route Folder - Preparation - Copy Button
                    See Attached for Order of Buttons
                    
                    For Corrugated and Folding Estimates under Preparation in the PREP/ROUTE Folder there needs to be
                     a Copy Button.  This button needs to work just as it does in ASI.
E-A-E-   06171006 E Prep/Route Folder - Preparation - Job Stds Button
                    See Attached for Order of Buttons
                    
                    For Corrugated and Folding Estimates under Preparation in the PREP/ROUTE Folder there needs to be
                     a Job Stds Button.  This button needs to work just as it does in ASI.
E-A-E-   06171008 E Prep/Route Folder - Estimate Run Qty - Reset Button
                    See Attached for Order of Buttons
                    
                    For Corrugated and Folding Estimates under Estimate Run Qty in the PREP/ROUTE Folder there needs 
                    to be a Reset Button.  You should only be able to use this button unless the Add or Update Button
                     is clicked.  This button needs to work just as it does in ASI.
E-A-E-   06171009 E Prep/Route Folder - Estimate Run Qty - Copy Button
                    See Attached for Order of Buttons
                    
                    For Corrugated and Folding Estimates under Estimate Run Qty in the PREP/ROUTE Folder there needs 
                    to be a Reset Button.  This button needs to work just as it does in ASI.
E-A-E-   06171010 E Prep/Route Folder - Operations - Add Stds Button
                    See Attached for Order of Buttons
                    
                    For Corrugated and Folding Estimates under Operations in the PREP/ROUTE Folder there needs to be 
                    an Add Stds Button.  This button needs to work just as it does in ASI.
E-A-E-   06171011 E Prep/Route Folder - Operations - Import Button
                    See Attached for Order of Buttons
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  27

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    For Corrugated and Folding Estimates under Operations in the PREP/ROUTE Folder there needs to be 
                    an Import Button.  This button needs to work just as it does in ASI.
E-A-E-   06171012 E Prep/Route Folder - Operations - Override Button
                    See Attached for Order of Buttons
                    
                    For Corrugated and Folding Estimates under Operations in the PREP/ROUTE Folder there needs to be 
                    an Override Button.  This button needs to work just as it does in ASI.
E-A-E-   06171013 E Prep/Route Folder - Operations - Build Button
                    See Attached for Order of Buttons
                    
                    For Corrugated and Folding Estimates under Operations in the PREP/ROUTE Folder there needs to be 
                    a Build Button.  This button needs to work just as it does in ASI.
E-A-E-   06171014 E Prep/Route Folder - Operations - Copy Button
                    See Attached for Order of Buttons
                    
                    For Corrugated and Folding Estimates under Operations in the PREP/ROUTE Folder there needs to be 
                    a Copy Button.  This button needs to work just as it does in ASI.
E-A-E-   06171015 E Prep/Route Folder - Operations - Update Button
                    See Attached for Operations Buttons
                    
                    In the PREP/ROUTE Folder under the Operations there is no Update Button.  This needs to be remove
                    d.
E-A-E-   06181011 E Corrugated Estimates - No Stacking Pattern Image and No Stacking Code
                    See Attached
                    Est# 7950
                    
                    Under the INKS/PACK Folder the stacking pattern image is not displaying along with the stacking c
                    ode.  In Advantzware the Stacking Code is G.
E-A-E-   06181012 E Box Design - Scores and Totals
                    See Attached
                    
                    The scores and Totals need to be lined up in the way that they are in the middle of each part of 
                    the box.  Also the scores and totals on the right need to be in a column.
E-A-E-   06181013 E Box Design - Die Button
                    See Attached for order of buttons
                    
                    There needs to be a Die Button the show the Die Image if one was imported in on the SPECS Folder.
                      If none is there then have a message that says "No Die Image Available.  Check Die Image!"
E-A-E-   06231002 E Prep/Route Folder - Preparation - Delete Button
                    For Corrugated and Folding Estimates under Preparation in the PREP/ROUTE Folder the Delete button
                     as not working properly.  If I select any of the rows and click the delete button the first row 
                    is always deleted.  The selected row needs to be deleted.
E-A-E-   06231005 E Box Design - CAD/2D Button
                    Under the Box Design Folder there needs to be a CAD/2D Button.  If the 2D image is already displa
                    yed then the CAD image pops up and if the 3D image is displayed and button is clicked then the 2D
                     image is displayed.
E-A-E-   06231008 E Folding Estimates - Ink/Pack Folder - Pack Note
                    The Pack Note needs to be moved right above the line that it is below right now.
E-A-E-   07071004 E Corrugated Estimates - Layout Folder - Front-Back, Side-Side
                    See Attached
                    The Front-Back and Side-Side field names need to be switched but not the actual field.
E-A-E-   07071005 E Folding Estimates - Layout Folder - Front-Back, Side-Side
                    The Front-Back and Side-Side field names are missing the - in the middle of them.
E-A-E-   07071007 E Corrugated Estimates - Inks/Pack Folder - Bundles/Pallet
                    Examples in are system are:
                    Est# 8029 created in Advantzware
                    Est# 8030 created in ASI Anyware
                    
                    The two estimates are actually the same but the Bundles/Pallet is wrong in the Estimate created i
                    n ASI Anyware.
E-A-E-   07081004 E Corrugated Estimates - Inks/Pack Folder - Unit#
                    Change the field name of Unit# to Pallet#
E-A-E-   07231004 E Folding Estimates - Inks/Pack Folder - Unit#
                    Change the field name of Unit# to Pallet#
E-A-E-   07231008 E Folding Estimates - Prep/Route Folder - Operations - Build Button
                    Examples in are system are:
                    Est# 8055 created in Advantzware
                    Est# 8056 created in ASI Anyware
                    
                    The two estimates are actually the same but after I click the build button in ASI Anyware the rou
                    ting is different.
                    
                    This is only happening in Folding not Corrugated.
E-A-E-   07261006 E Prep/Route Folder - Operations - No records
                    See Attachment
                    When there is no records under the Prep/Route Folder you can add a record but you need to be able
                     to click the build button.
E-A-E-   07271002 E Folding Estimates - Build Button - MR-Hrs, Wast, Speed, Spoil %
                    Examples in are system are:
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  28

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Est# 8086 created in Advantzware
                    Est# 8085 created in ASI Anyware
                    
                    Mr-Hrs, Waste, Speed, and Spoil % are all incorrect in ASI Anyware.  They are all showing zeros b
                    ut one spoil % is showing 2.
E-A-E-   07271008 E Folding Estimates - Specs - lookups
                    When you hit the Tab key the cursor need to skip over the lookups.
E-A-E-   07271009 E Folding Estimates - Inks/Pack - lookups
                    When you hit the Tab key the cursor need to skip over the lookups.
E-A-E-   07271010 E Folding Estimates - Prep/Route - Operations - Crew
                    Change the column heading Crew to MRCrew
E-A-E-   07271011 E Folding Estimates - Prep/Route - Operations - Blank Column
                    Change the blank column heading that is to the right of Crew to RunCrew
E-A-E-   07271018 E Folding Estimates - Specs - Make more your friendly
                    If you click the override or the auto-calc button some of the fields are difficult to change the 
                    data.  The data should stay highlighted in blue so whatever you enter erases the other data.  Rig
                    ht now if you enter something the original data is still there. 
                    
                    This is happening with the Length, Width, Depth, Top/Dust Flap, Fifth Panel, Lock Tab, DK on Leng
                    th, DK on Width, Tuck, Lin Inches, and Blank Width fields
E-A-E-   07271019 E Folding Estimates - Inks/Pack - Make more your friendly
                    If you click the override or the auto-calc button some of the fields are difficult to change the 
                    data.  The data should stay highlighted in blue so whatever you enter erases the other data.  Rig
                    ht now if you enter something the original data is still there. 
                    
                    When you click the override unit button the packing code, packing code depth, layer pad length an
                    d width, divider length and width, and the depth to the right of the # of layers needs to do this
                    .
                    
                    When you click the Update ink button the inks, inks passes, and the coating passes need to do thi
                    s.
E-A-E-   07281003 E Corrugated Estimates - Prep/Route - Preparation - wrong items
                    Examples in our system are:
                    8099 was created in Advantzware
                    8100 was created in ASI Anyware
                    
                    The preparation is pulling in to many items so I have to go in there and delete them before I can
                     calculate the prices.
E-A-E-   08021002 E Folding Estimates - Build Button - MR-Hrs, Wast, Speed, Spoil %
                    This is problem is happening again 
                    
                    Examples in are system are:
                    Est# 8128 created in Advantzware
                    Est# 8129 created in ASI Anyware
                    
                    Mr-Hrs, Waste, and Speed are incorrect.
E-A-E-   08021003 E Corrugated Estimates - Prep/Route - Preparation - Qty is wrong
                    Examples in our system are:
                    8132 was created in Advantzware
                    8133 was created in ASI Anyware
                    
                    The Qty for the plates are incorrect.  They are show 2 when they show say 1
E-A-E-   08111006 E Corrugated and Folding Estimates - Print Folder - Item Button
                    Add the Item button to the Print folder with its functionality.
E-A-E-   08111007 E Corrugated and Folding Estimates - Print Folder - Quote Button
                    Add the Quote button to the Print folder with its functionality.  This will creat a quote for tha
                    t estimate.
E-A-E-   08111008 E Corrugated Estimates - Print Folder - Print Box Button
                    Add the Print Box button to the Print folder with its functionality.  This will have a screen pop
                     up with the box design.  From this point you can print the box.
E-A-E-   08161013 E Prep/Route Folder - Operations - Import Button
                    See Attached for Order of Buttons
                    
                    For Corrugated and Folding Estimates under Operations in the PREP/ROUTE Folder there needs to be 
                    an Import Button.  This button needs to work just as it does in ASI.
E-A-E-   09071006 E Inks/Pack Folder - changing first ink erases other inks or coating
                    I had an ink and coating set for the box but when I changed the first row to something else the i
                    tem on the second row was erased.
E-A-E-   09071007 E Inks/Pack Folder - Automatically input inks and coatings
                    See Attached
                    Example on our system is corrugated Est#8209
E-A-E-   09081002 E Inks/Pack Folder - Raw Materials Lookup - No Any
                    See Attachment
                    On the drop down for the inks / coatings lookup(raw materials) there should not be an ANY.
E-A-E-   09081003 E Inks/Pack Folder - Raw Materials Lookup - hit enter
                    See Attachment
                    When searching on and field when go hit the enter key on the keyboard the search should work just
                     as if you clicked the GO button.
E-A-E-   09081005 E Layout Folder - Machine Lookup - hit enter
                    See Attachment
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  29

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    When searching on and field when go hit the enter key on the keyboard the search should work just
                     as if you clicked the GO button.
E-A-E-   09101408 E Add Kopy Estimate Utility to ASI Anyware
                    We need to replicate the function of E-K "Kopy Estimates" within ASI Anyware.  
                    Add "Copy Estimates" as a new menu option within the Estimates & Quotes screen.  Also, add a "Cop
                    y" button on the ASI Anyware Browse and View screens.
                    This should bring up an interface similar to the one in E-K.
                    If launched with an estimate in context, the utility should autofill that estimate information.
                    Selections for the copy options should be retained, by user, for the next run.
                    
                    It should be governed by the same customer limitations as the rest of system (can't copy an estim
                    ate from a customer they don't have access to view).
                    
E-A-E-   09211004 E Prep Code Look up - Hit Enter
                    When you are searching for something and hit the enter key the look up should search as if you cl
                    ick the GO button.
E-A-E-   12220906 E Folding  - Spec Folder
                    See Attached
E-A-E-C  01111204 E N-K CEMenu
                    CEMENU - Which Estimating Menu? (Foldware, Corrware, or Both. The character value is used to dete
                    rmine the estimating menu options. Folding carton estimating will be set to Foldware, corrugated 
                    estimating will be set to Corrware and plants processing both types will set this to BOTH.  When 
                    the character value is set to Corrware, the logical value may be used to dictate allow adding est
                    imates on the first screen or header screen of order entry.  
                    
                    Logical Value = NO. If the logical value is NO, then the corrugated estimate number may be added 
                    only to the line item data entry screen.  This will force users to always enter the estimate numb
                    er on the line item screen, which will allow mulitple estimates/jobs per order including stock bo
                    xes, supplies and just in times items previously produced on other jobs. 
                    
                    Logical Value = YES. When the logical value is YES, then corrugated estimates may be added to the
                     first order entry screen or to the line item screen. When estimates are added to the View folder
                    , then multiple estimates/jobs cannot by added to this order. Hence only one order per job may be
                     entered.
                    
                    Accord's CEMenu is set to Foldware and No
E-A-E-C  01181103 E Corrugated Estimates - date field
                    When you are adding a corrugated estimate the date of that day needs to be automatically imported
                     by default.
                    
                    Example is if todays date is 11/25/2044 then that date should be in the date field automatically.
                      You should have to type it in.
E-A-E-F  01181104 E Folding Estimates - date field
                    When you are adding a folding estimate the date of that day needs to be automatically imported by
                     default.
                    
                    Example is if todays date is 11/25/2044 then that date should be in the date field automatically.
                      You should have to type it in.
E-A-E-F  05111102 E Job Stds Button
                    See Attached for steps
                    Add Job Stds button to the LAYOUT folder with its functionality
                    Job Standards button is not on layout screen
                    
                    This Button should ONLY work for INTERNAL employees.
                    Customers (External Users)  should not see this button.
                    ie.  Login as IBM should not see this button on any folder in estimating.
                    ie.  Login as Admin and the Job Stds Button will display.
E-A-E-Q  03221003 E View Quote screen should have actual quote
                    See attached
E-A-E-R1 11021010 E Create the ER1 Report
                    Create the E-R-1 report call Control File and put it under the menu call reports for estimates.
E-A-E-R1 11231009 E Create the ER10 Report
                    Create the E-R-10 report called Estimates List w/Margins and put it under the menu call reports f
                    or estimates.
E-A-E-R2 11021011 E Create the ER2 Report
                    Create the E-R-2 report call Machine File and put it under the menu call reports for estimates.
E-A-E-R3 11021012 E Create the ER3 Report
                    Create the E-R-3 report call Style File and put it under the menu call reports for estimates.
E-A-E-R4 11041003 E Create the ER4 Report
                    Create the E-R-4 report call Prep File and put it under the menu call reports for estimates.
E-A-E-R5 11041004 E Create the ER5 Report
                    Create the E-R-5 report called Estimates List and put it under the menu call reports for estimate
                    s.
E-A-E-R6 11041005 E Create the ER6 Report
                    Create the E-R-6 report called Quotes List and put it under the menu call reports for estimates.
E-A-E-R7 11191002 E Create the ER7 Report
                    Create the E-R-7 report called Prep List by Mat'l Type and put it under the menu call reports for
                     estimates.
E-A-E-R8 11231007 E Create the ER8 Report
                    Create the E-R-8 report called Estimates by Size and put it under the menu call reports for estim
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  30

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    ates.
E-A-E-R9 11231008 E Create the ER9 Report
                    Create the E-R-9 report called Quoted Price List and put it under the menu call reports for estim
                    ates.
E-A-I-R  01121114 E Create the IL1 Report
                    Create the IL1 report called QTY Totals by Cust\Item and put it under the List More Reports
E-A-I-R  01131014 E Reorder Advise Report - Print Customer Part # - Output to PDF
                    See Attached
                    When I click the toggle box that prints the customer part # and output it to a pdf file the sugg 
                    reorder levels are cut off on the right.
E-A-I-R  01131018 E Reorder Advise Report - Print 6 Month History - Output to PDF
                    See Attached
                    When I click the toggle box that prints the 6 month history and output it to a pdf file all the c
                    olumns all messed up.
E-A-I-R  01131019 E Reorder Advise Report - Print dashes between each line - Output to PDF
                    See Attached
                    When I click the toggle box that prints dashes between each line and output it to a pdf file dash
                    es should stop at the right line border.
                    Also move the suggested reorder number to the left so they are off the left line border.
E-A-I-R  01131020 E Reorder Advise Report - Print 6 Month History - Output to Excel
                    See Attached
                    When I click the toggle box that prints the 6 month history and output it to excel and the column
                     heading for the 6 months were all in the same column.
E-A-I-R  01131021 E Reorder Advise Report - Print Customer Part # - Output to Excel
                    See Attached
                    When I click the toggle box that prints the customer part # and output it to excel the column hea
                    ding UOM is missing so that all the other column headings are one to the left instead in the righ
                    t place.
E-A-I-R  01131022 E FG Value/Cost by Whs/Bin/Tag Report - Add Toggle Boxes
                    See Attached
                    
                    Add 4 toggle boxes for Advantzware's I-R-2
                        Print Receipt Date?
                        Print Set and Components Only?
                        Print Subtotals?
                        Print Actual Release Qty?
E-A-I-R  01141005 E Finished Goods Reports  - Alphabetic Item List Report - PDF file
                    See Attached
                    Move numbers to the left off the edge of the column for some of the columns.
E-A-I-R  01181006 E Reorder Advise Report - Item# - Lookup not working
                    See Attached
E-A-I-R  01181007 E Reorder Advise Report - Add Lookup For Categorys
                    Add a look up for the begining and ending categorys.
E-A-I-R  01181008 E Reorder Advise Report - Add Lookup For Warehouse
                    Add a look up for the begining and ending warehouses.
E-A-I-R  01181009 E FG Value/Cost by Whs/Bin/Tag Report - Bin Lookup
                    See Attached
                    In the Bin Lookup the Bins are being repeated they should only show up once.
E-A-I-R  01201007 E Reorder Advise Report - Print Customer Part #
                    See Attached
                    Add the 5 toggle boxes to ASI Anywhere and add their functionality.
E-A-I-R  01211004 E Alphabetic Item List Report
                    Add a look up for the Begining and Ending Category
E-A-I-R  03101028 E Change salesman to Sales Rep
                    See Attached
E-A-I-R  12031004 E Create the IR6 Report
                    Create the IR6 report called Sales Values by Cust/Item and put it under the Menu Reports for fini
                    shed Goods
E-A-I-R  12031005 E Create the IR7 Report
                    Create the IR7 report called Sales/Values by Cust and Tag and put it under the Menu Reports for F
                    inished Goods
E-A-I-R  12201004 E Create the IR8 Report
                    Create the IR8 report called YTD Cost/Sales by Cust and put in under the menu of Reports for fini
                    shed goods.
E-A-I-R  12201005 E Create the IR9 Report
                    Create the IR9 report called Item List by Customer and put in under the menu of Reports for finis
                    hed goods.
E-A-I-R  12201006 E Create the IR10 Report
                    Create the IR10 report called Status and put in under the menu of Reports for finished goods.
E-A-I-R  12301001 E List More Reports
                    Create a new menu called List More Reports and put it under the Reports for Finished Goods menu.
                    Also, Take the Customer Inventory Report and put it under this menu.
E-A-I-R  12301002 E Create the IR12 Report
                    Create the IR12 report called Aged Inventory and put it under the menu called reports for finishe
                    d goods under the transaction by order report.
E-A-I-R  12301003 E Create the IR13 Report
                    Create the IR13 report called Next Ship Date and Value and put it under the menu called reports f
                    or finished goods under the Aged Inventory report.
E-A-I-R  12301004 E Create the IR14 Report
                    Create the IR14 report called DL Mat-GSA by Whs/Bin/Tag and put it under the menu called reports 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  31

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    for finished goods under the Next Ship Date and Value report.
E-A-I-R  12301005 E Create the IR15 Report
                    Create the IR15 report called FG Item Value/Cost Summary and put it under the menu called reports
                     for finished goods under the DL Mat-GSA by Whs/Bin/Tag report.
E-A-I-U1 06181209 E ReWrite Advantzware Finished Goods Receipts
                    Rewrite Advantzware Finshed Goods Recepts for ASI Anyware.
                    See Attached.
                    
                    1)  Add new ASI Anyware Menu called Warehouse Transactions.
                          Under this Menu, Add Finished Goods Receipts
                    2)  This is a Browser that shows all data entry transactions that have not been posted.
                           The AutoFind at the bottom allows for searching unposted receipts by 
                               a) Finished Goods Item,
                               b) Job Number
                               c)  PO#
                               d)  Sequence#
                               e)  Receipt Date
                                f)  Tag#
                    
                    3)  The + sign Icon will Add new Receipts.
                         a)   Lookup needed by PO# which will only show Open Purchase Orders for Finished Goods
                         b)   Lookup by Job# 
                         c)   Lookup by Finished Goods Item Code if PO# or Job# not entered.
                               Otherwise search by PO# or Job# will import FG item code, cost, etc..   
                         d)   Lookup by Warehouse and Bin Location for stocking the On Hand Inventory. 
                    
                    DO NOT CHANGE Any code in Advantzware.
E-A-N-   01181301 E Bliss website updates.
                    For now we are in our winter time hours.****completed*****
                    
                    Monday - Thursday    4:00pm-9:00pm
                    Friday - Saturday        4:00pm-10:00pm
                    Sunday Brunch            11:00 - 3:00pm
                    Sunday Dinner             4:00 - 9:00pm
                    
                    For the events page can you change the contact from me to Renae Guyon 843-282-6737 ***completed**
                    **
                    
                    I am attaching the Dinner menu for this time of year as well as the wine list. I will have the br
                    unch one to you soon =) - ******completed***** Converted to PDF format.
                    
                    Also we would like to add a link to our facebook page as well as a link to our second restaurant 
                    Nalu's. Here is a link to our facebook page... http://www.facebook.com/nalusgardencity ****comple
                    ted******
                     
                    I will talk with the rest of the staff and see if theres anything we missed. 
                    
E-A-N-   03041104 E Errors on EP LOG.
                    All the folders work without errors except The EPP LOG.   See Below
                    I must press the OK or Enter 10 times for each line to display on the screen.
                    
                    Also, many fields say EMPTY such as the comments field.
                    They should default to BLANK or Spaces rather than display as EMPTY.
                    
                    Error Message: Rectanglr widget does not fit in parent frame default-frame (6491)
                    
                    3/9/11: N-K-1 should be MiscJobCL
                                  Char Value and group name should be MidYorkJobCL
                                  Don't hide Misc Icon
                                  Tooltip for icon "Job Checklist"
                                  Secure Misc Fields Design screen called from the system menu
                                  
E-A-N-   03291018 E N-K Notepad - Notepad instead of standard screen output.
                    N-K Notepad  -   Reports to output to Microsoft Notepad instead of standard text format.
                    This allows the user to view more lines and to scroll up, down and sideways and to print form the
                     notepad software.
                    
                    Logical Value = YES will Load Reports directly to Notepad using the logic below..
                    
                    Logical Value = NO will not Load to Notepad.
                    
                    
                    Also, be aware that because of the "NO-WAIT" option, any code that follows the users going to the
                     current window for output, that code will immediately run.   Some programs ask about posting, et
                    c. after the user closes the output screen.  
                    These kind of prompts will fire immediately regardless of whether they close the notepad.
E-A-N-   04251301 E UTIL/Module.r
                    Util/Module.r.
                    
                    This utility is used to set timeouts on modules.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  32

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Add new Button called SET ALL
                    This will prompt for Date 99/99/99
                    Enter Date and Press OK.
                    
                    This will put this date in All Modules.
                    
                    We need this to time out customers that do not pay their annual support.
                    Each year we must set this to a new date and year.
E-A-N-   05091307 E Create New Icon Based Menu System
E-A-N-   09251205 E Resizing window does not work.
                    N-R-1
                    N-Report -1
                    Auto maximize window.
E-A-N-   11041103 E util/midyork.r   Data Load Utility  (Original Task 10201008)
                    This program should be moved to and compiled under the UTIL directory.
                    
                    Original task was 
E-A-O-   01131408 E New Shop Cart Menu in ASI Anyware
                    See Attached.
                    Copy Existing ASI Anyware Order Entry Menu can Consolidate into 1 Screen.
                    Once Perfected, this format will be migrated to a MOBILE App on Progress Version 11.
                    Remove the Browser.
                    Consolidate the View Order, Items and Totals Tabs into 1 Screen.
                    
                    As First Step to MOBIL Order Entry.
                    Convert Existing ASI Order Entry to a Consolidated Option.
                    Remove the + ICON since it will immediately ADD Order.
                    Move Quote Search BOX from View Tab to the ITEMS Line.  
                       We will want to Search for and Add Multiple Quotes.
                    Consolidate View Tab, Items Tab and Totals Tab.
                    Fields such as SOLD to will not need to Display Name and Address unless Clicked on that Field.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
E-A-O-   02191011 E Capture Signature On BOL
                    With the screen setup the way it is now you don't know want you are signing for.
                    
                    Put the actual BOL on the screen with the signature box below the BOL then after it is saved and 
                    you click Print BOL you will then see the BOL with the signature on it you just did.
                    
                    This must display the form from N-K-1 BolFmt
E-A-O-   03191004 E Print BOL - BOL lookup
                    See Attached
                    When I am looking for a BOL from ATT1000 and it is in the customer field only ATT1000 should be i
                    n the lookup
E-A-O-   03191006 E Capture Signature On BOL - Allwest,  Xprint,  Xprint2, TriLakesX, Fibr
                    See Attached
                    In the N-K BOLFMT = Allwest,  Xprint,  Xprint2, TriLakesX, and FibreX need some changes
                    
                    All of these forms need those 3 columns centered.
E-A-O-   04181107 E For ASI Anyware   N-K INVPRINT = Dee not working
                    New Dee Invoice not working for  ASI Anyware
                    Task was 02181108 that was for new Dee Invoice.
                    This invoice does not print on ASI Anyware.
                    Dee has purchase ASI Anyware and they will need their invoice to print.
                    
                    7/1/11 - John - Sewa the files to be sent are not the correct files for the customer.  Please che
                    ck your files to make sure that we have the correct files for sending to the customer. Thanks
                    Example: pccode folder - Not correct folder)
E-A-O-   11121309 E Update ASI Anyware Release Number to Use new Advantzware Logic
                    When Creating a Release that is created in the O-T-1 table.
                    The Release number created has new logic to find a release number.
                    Please update ASI Anyware logic to use the same logic to create a new Release Number.
E-A-O-   12081108 E Order Entry - Release Folder - Add FrtPay Column
                    See Attachment
                    Add the FrtPay Column right after the Ext Order Price Column.
                    Make such this column works correctly.
E-A-O-   12081109 E Order Entry - Release Folder - Add FOB Column
                    See Attachment
                    Add the FOB Column right after the FrtPay Column.
                    Make such this column works correctly.
E-A-O-   12081113 E Order Entry - Release Folder - Add BOL/Invoice Button
                    See attachment
                    Add the BOL/Invoice Button next to the3 BOL Button on the Release Folder.
                    Add its Functionality as well.
E-A-O-B  01071301 E Capture Signature on Bol N-K-1 BolFmt
                    Capture Signature on Bol 
                    Put the actual BOL on the screen with the signature box below the BOL then after it is saved and 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  33

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    you click Print BOL you will then see the BOL with the signature on it you just did.
                    
                     N-K-1 BolFmt  - BlueRidg,BlueRidg2,MidwestX,PremierCX,PremierPX, KDWILLSX,AccordBC,
                     PackRite,Midwest,Dayton,ACPI,CSC-GA,Express,MetroTags,Peachtree,PeachTreeBC,
                     Soule,Empire,Lamar Pkg,Protagon,NSTOCK,HughesTags,Knight,Herman
E-A-O-B  01271014 E New SQL Screen to Scan Signed BOL
                    The screen shot will be the bill of lading form.
                    Think of a FED X delivery.
                    You must sign a signature.
                    I envision the truck driver using a TABLET PC .
                    This will show an image of the Bill of Lading printed via our software via N-K-1 BolFmt.
                    
                    Your software will only have a field for signature.
                    The signature will be an OVERLAY of the bill of lading from.
                    The SEND button will create a .PDF or .JPG of the form and signature.
                    
                    Currently they sign the bill of lading on a piece of laser paper .
                    Our customers then SCAN the entire page via a scanner.
                    This new file is saved as the bill of lading number.JPG or .PDF
                    We currently save this under the network drive based on N-K-1 BOLSIGN 
                    Character Value = D:\Rcode\SIGNED_BOLS\
                    This is then view via ASI ANYWARE simply displayed this scaned image.
                    
                    
                    This new logic via Tablet PC will make this a paperless transaction and eliminate the step of sca
                    nning the manually signed bill of lading document..
E-A-O-Q  03241005 E Release Button E-mail - not working
                    See Attached
                    I release an order while I was logged into IBM and an E-mail alert wasn't created but when I logg
                    ed back into Admin it was created.  
                    
                    When I looked at that E-mail a 2 was added to the PO#.
                    
                    Now when I'm logged in as Admin the e-mail is not being created when the release button is clicke
                    d.
E-A-O-Q  03291019 E Release Button E-mail for External users only
                    This email alert should only be sent out if an EXTERNAL user is logged into ASI Anywhere and clic
                    ks the Release Button.
                    
                    The Email shouldn't be sent out if an INTERNAL user is logged in.
E-A-O-Q  07221103 E N-K InvPrint = Xprint  with XSSpool
                    Change Invoice Format to support windows 2008 via XSpool
                    Using Xprint on Windows 2008.   
                    Make some minor code change for 2008 in order to use XPRINT via XSPOOL.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                     
E-A-O-Q  07221104 E N-K BolFMT = AccordBC   with XSSpool
                    Change Bill of Lading Format to support windows 2008 via XSpool
                    
                    Using Xprint on Windows 2008.   
                    Make some minor code change for 2008 in order to use XPRINT via XSPOOL.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                     
E-A-O-Q  07221105 E N-K AckHead  Upgrade to XPRINT VERSION
                    ASI ANYWARE  change following Invoice Forms for latest version of XPRINT.
                    
                    N-K-1 ACKHEAD = ASI
                    N-K-1 ACKHEAD = XPRINT
                    N-K-1 ACKHEAD = ACCORD
                    N-K-1 ACKHEAD = TRILAKES
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  34

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                     
E-A-O-Q  07221106 E N-K QuoPrint   Upgrade to XPRINT VERSION
                    ASI ANYWARE  change following Invoice Forms for latest version of XPRINT.
                    
                    N-K-1 QuoPrint  = ASI
                    N-K-1 QuoPrint = XPRINT
                    N-K-1 QuoPrint = ACCORD
                    N-K-1 QuoPrint = TRILAKES
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                     
E-A-O-Q  10171103 E N-K BolFMT = Xprint  with XSSpool
                    Change Bill of Lading Format to support windows 2008 via XSpool
                    
                    Using Xprint on Windows 2008.   
                    Make some minor code change for 2008 in order to use XPRINT via XSPOOL.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                     
E-A-O-Q  10171104 E N-K BolFMT = TriLakesX  with XSSpool
                    Change Bill of Lading Format to support windows 2008 via XSpool
                    
                    Using Xprint on Windows 2008.   
                    Make some minor code change for 2008 in order to use XPRINT via XSPOOL.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                     
E-A-O-Q  10171105 E N-K BolFMT = Xprint2  with XSSpool
                    Change Bill of Lading Format to support windows 2008 via XSpool
                    
                    Using Xprint on Windows 2008.   
                    Make some minor code change for 2008 in order to use XPRINT via XSPOOL.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                     
E-A-O-Q  10171106 E N-K BolFMT = APC with XSSpool
                    Change Bill of Lading Format to support windows 2008 via XSpool
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  35

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Using Xprint on Windows 2008.   
                    Make some minor code change for 2008 in order to use XPRINT via XSPOOL.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                     
E-A-O-Q  10171107 E N-K BolFMT = DEE with XSSpool
                    Change Bill of Lading Format to support windows 2008 via XSpool
                    
                    Using Xprint on Windows 2008.   
                    Make some minor code change for 2008 in order to use XPRINT via XSPOOL.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                     
E-A-O-Q  10171108 E N-K InvPrint = TriLakes  with XSSpool
                    Change Invoice Format to support windows 2008 via XSpool
                    Using Xprint on Windows 2008.   
                    Make some minor code change for 2008 in order to use XPRINT via XSPOOL.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                     
E-A-O-Q  10171109 E N-K InvPrint = Dee with XSSpool
                    Change Invoice Format to support windows 2008 via XSpool
                    Using Xprint on Windows 2008.   
                    Make some minor code change for 2008 in order to use XPRINT via XSPOOL.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                     
E-A-O-Q  10171111 E N-K InvPrint = ASIXprint with XSSpool
                    Change Invoice Format to support windows 2008 via XSpool
                    Using Xprint on Windows 2008.   
                    Make some minor code change for 2008 in order to use XPRINT via XSPOOL.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  36

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     
E-A-O-Q  12201008 E Takes a while to load
                    O-Q-1 Order Status is taking way to long to load.  Is there a way you can make it quicker?
E-A-O-R1 01131008 E Salesman to Sales Rep
                    See Attached
E-A-O-R1 01131009 E Excel Output - Column Headings are wrong
                    See Attached
E-A-O-R1 09291002 E Hit Tab should skip over lookups
                    When You hit the tab key on the keyboard the cursor should skip the lookup and go to the next fie
                    ld.
E-A-O-R1 09291003 E Cursor should start in the Beginning Customer Field
                    When the report page opens up the cursor should already be in the Beginning Customer Field.
E-A-O-R1 09281003 E Create the report for OR10
                    See Attached
                    Create the OR10 report called  Orders Booked by Due Date put this report after the  Scheduled Rel
                    eases w/Job report.
E-A-O-R1 10041002 E Create the report for OR11
                    See Attached
                    Create the OR11 report called  Orders Booked by Order Number put this report after the  Orders Bo
                    oked by Due Date report.
E-A-O-R1 10041004 E Create the report for OR13
                    See Attached
                    Create the OR13 report called Order Backlog By Part Number put this report after the  Scheduled R
                    eleases By Ship-To report.
E-A-O-R1 01131012 E Customer Part# and FG Item # in same column
                    See Attached
E-A-O-R1 10041005 E Create the report for OR15
                    See Attached
                    Create the OR15 report called Freight Report put this report after the On-time Deliveries report.
E-A-O-R2 09151013 E Create the report for OR2
                    See Attached
                    Create the OR2 report called Scheduled Releases put this report inbetween the Backlog and Joblog 
                    reports.
E-A-O-R3 01131002 E Finished Goods Reports - Excel row error
                    See Attached for output
                    
                    From Customer ABC1000  to Customer IBM1000.
                    From Begining Order Date 01/01/2004 to Ending Order Date 04/29/2008.
                    Check the boxes for
                           Print Part#, Est#, CAD#
                           Sort by Customer#/Name  
                           Print Due Date
                    
                    Cust#
E-A-O-R3 09091009 E View Tab and Item Tab
                    See Attached
                    Add the option on the Job Log report for the View Tab and the Item Tab.
E-A-O-R3 09291004 E Cursor should start in the Beginning Customer Field
                    When the report page opens up the cursor should already be in the Beginning Customer Field.
E-A-O-R3 09291005 E Hit Tab should skip over lookups
                    When You hit the tab key on the keyboard the cursor should skip the lookup and go to the next fie
                    ld.
E-A-O-R4 09171005 E Create the report for OR4
                    See Attached
                    Create the OR4 report called Sales Rep Performance put this report after the Joblog reports.
E-A-O-R4 09291006 E Cursor should start in the Beginning Customer Field
                    When the report page opens up the cursor should already be in the Beginning Customer Field.
E-A-O-R4 09291007 E Hit Tab should skip over lookups
                    When You hit the tab key on the keyboard the cursor should skip the lookup and go to the next fie
                    ld.
E-A-O-R5 09211013 E Create the report for OR5
                    Create the OR4 report called  Orders Booked put this report after the Sales Rep Performance repor
                    ts.
E-A-O-R5 09291008 E Cursor should start in the Beginning Customer Field
                    When the report page opens up the cursor should already be in the Beginning Customer Field.
E-A-O-R5 09291009 E Hit Tab should skip over lookups
                    When You hit the tab key on the keyboard the cursor should skip the lookup and go to the next fie
                    ld.
E-A-O-R6 09221002 E Create the report for OR6
                    See Attached
                    Create the OR6 report called  Commissions put this report after the Orders Booked report.
E-A-O-R6 09291001 E PTD needs to change the the dates
                    In advantzware when the PTD button is checked and I type in a 4 for the Period.  The beginning da
                    te should change to 04/01/2010 and the Ending Date should change to the date of the end of the mo
                    nth.
E-A-O-R6 09291010 E Hit Tab should skip over lookups
                    When You hit the tab key on the keyboard the cursor should skip the lookup and go to the next fie
                    ld.
E-A-O-R6 09291011 E Cursor should start in the Beginning Customer Field
                    When the report page opens up the cursor should already be in the Beginning Customer Field.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  37

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
E-A-O-R8 09291012 E Hit Tab should skip over lookups
                    When You hit the tab key on the keyboard the cursor should skip the lookup and go to the next fie
                    ld.
E-A-O-R8 09291013 E Cursor should start in the Beginning Customer Field
                    When the report page opens up the cursor should already be in the Beginning Customer Field.
E-A-O-R9 09281002 E Create the report for OR9
                    See Attached
                    Create the OR9 report called  Scheduled Releases w/Job put this report after theBalance by PO# re
                    port.
E-A-O-U  01201006 E Add Order to Allow ADD by ESTIMATE#
                    This would only be for INTERNAL USERS.
                    Add order allows search by quote and selects quoted price.
                    For internal users, add ability to add order for estimate that does not have a quote.
                    This will require the internal user such a Admin to type the Sell Price.
                    
                    Since the Sell Price would be on the quote and the quote does not exist.  the internal user must 
                    be able to enter a sell price.
E-A-O-U  03271310 E Hiding Folders by User ID
                    Design a screen in the System Administration using SQL database for hiding the Folders on the Ord
                    er Entry screen by User ID.
                    For now just have All the Folder in Update / Add Orders - Order Entry on the Screen. 
                    
                    Please Explain How this Works.
                    Need Documentation.
E-A-O-U  03291010 E Add Order Email alerts for External Users only
                    Add Ordder should not create Email alert for Internal Users.
                    Only External Users need an alert.
                    SAVE button will not Work to create Email.
                    Many Items can be added so email must be after last item.
                    This should happen for order with and without a quote.
                    
                    Logic will be as follows.
                    
                    + Sign Icon or Add Button to Add new Order, The SAVE button will automatically execute ADD line I
                    tem logic.  
                    
                    Item Save Button will prompt,  Add new Item.
                    Yes will not Email but save existing item and execute Add mode for next item.
                    
                    Prompt to ADD new Item.
                    Answer NO.  will save item and create EMAIL alert. 
                    
                    
E-A-O-U  03291016 E Adding order for external users
                    When logged in as an external user and adding an order the shipping info should default to that c
                    ustomer's info.  This works in TEST but needs to be transferred to SHIP.
E-A-O-U  10041008 E Email alerts for New Orders via new Employee Alert Folder (Old Task 01
                    Currently email logic generates an email to contacts by customer which is perfect.   
                    However, we need a more dynamic option to email internal users from the N-Z-User File.
                    The Ecodes file withh have a new Folder / Table under Advantzware.
                    New ASI Anyware email logic will be done by Sewa to create an email alert to the specific user Id
                     defined on this new ecodes folder  (See Attached)  
                    New Orders will email an alert that an order has been created and sent to all user IDs listed.
                    Obviously, each progam may have a different set of User Ids for each customer.
                    For example, when a new order is created via the web, the order status is a W. 
                    Internal users / employees should be sent an email that that order arrived.
                    The email should list the following:
                    Email Address from Sender via Web.
                    Customer Code, Customer Name, Order Number
                    Line 1,  Quantity,   Price, UOM.  PO#,  Due Date
                    Line 2,  Quantity,   Price, UOM,  PO#,  Due Date
                    Line 3,  Quantity,   Price, UOM.  PO#,  Due Date
                    Line 4,  Quantity,   Price, UOM,  PO#,  Due Date
                    Etc.
                    
                    AddEOrder will be new Program for Adding Orders via ASI Anyware.
                    Customer Code = ALL  will be programmed for all cusotmers to have one set of User Id's for the E 
                    Program.   For example,  AddEOrder may have one customer = ALL and then any order added for any c
                    ustomer via ASI Anyware will send and email to the user Id's defined for ALL.
E-A-P-U1 06181208 E ReWrite Advantzware Purchasing for the Web
                    Advantzware Purchasing for ASI Anyware.
                    This must provide for ordering 
                    1) Raw Materials such as Estimated Board for Jobs with Adders such as OW
                    2) Raw Materials such as Real Board without Jobs
                    3) Raw Materials such as MISC Parts or Dies.
                    4  Raw mateialss INK, GLUE, PALLETS, etc.
                    5) Finished Goods such as Bubble Wrap
                    6) Finished Goods such as Boxes like 8x8x8
                    
                    Write Separate Tasks Bugs Reported for each type of Order Above
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  38

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
E-A-Q-R  02241011 E Buttons on the top right
                    Im in the Request For Quote and I can't find the add button anywhere.  Add the buttons that are i
                    n Advantzware to ASI Anywhere
E-A-Q-R  02261003 E RFQ Commission Percent Not Imported
                    Login as ADMIN.
                    Search for IBM1000.
                    Commission should import but not be Updatable by person adding RFQ.
                    Login as IBM as EXTERNAL customers should NOT see the Commission.
E-A-Q-R  02261007 E List RFQ Folder - Estimate # field
                    I typed in a 4 digit number to the Estimate Field and there were some results that showed up.  Wh
                    at should happen is a line that says "No Results Found"
                    
                    Also I typed in a some letters and got some results.  A screen should pop up saying "Invalid Numb
                    er" OR "Not A Valid Number"  then click Ok and you are back at the same screen.
E-A-Q-R  02261018 E Add 3d Search Button on RFQ
                    External Users must search for a 3D box image that then imports the Style.
                    Customers like IBM will not know what the box manufacturer calls a style.
                    Customers like IBM will know what 3D image of the box they want a quote.
                    
                    Search be Box Design Does not Work.
                    Customers need to search by the 3D image, select the image then that will import to the RFQ.
                    E-B-1 Corrugated Box Style have a 2D and 3D image attached that point to the ASI Box Design.
                    E-B-2 Folding Carton Styleshave a 2D and 3D image attached that point to the ASI Box Design.
E-A-Q-R  03101007 E Add Button Server Error
                    I click the Add Button on the Top RIght of the screen and I am getting a server error.
E-A-Q-R  03101009 E RFQ View Item Folder- Changes (See Attached)
                    Rearrange the different fields the way the Attachment says
E-A-Q-R  03221004 E Adding an item - FGitem look up after you type in quantity
                    See Attached
                    FgItem lookup pops up after you type in a quantity and since to customer is already there only it
                    em for the customer should appear.
E-A-Q-R  03291012 E RFQ E-mail alert for External users only
                    This email alert should only be sent out if an EXTERNAL user is logged into ASI Anywhere.
                    
                    The Email shouldn't be sent out if an INTERNAL user is logged in.
E-A-Q-R  03291030 E RFQ View Item Folder -  change so every field is a column
                    See Attached for changes
E-A-Q-R  03301018 E After saving new RFQ move to add mode on items
                    After you add a new RFQ and click the save button you should automatically be put into add mode f
                    or the item under the View Item folder.
E-A-Q-R  04051004 E View Item - move cursor to the right after the Style field
                    See Attached
                    The cursor is going to the top of the web browser after hitting tab on the keyboard after the Syt
                    le field.  The cursor should keep moving to the right.
                    
                    Also the quantities, add and cancel buttons should not disappear.
E-A-Q-R  04051006 E View Item - move cursor to the right after the category field
                    See Attached
                    The cursor is going to the top of the web browser after hitting tab on the keyboard after the Cat
                    egory field.  The cursor should keep moving to the right.
                    
                    Also the quantities, add and cancel buttons should not disappear.
E-A-Q-R  04051007 E View Item - move cursor to the right after the board field
                    See Attached
                    The cursor is going to the top of the web browser after hitting tab on the keyboard after the Boa
                    rd field.  The cursor should keep moving to the right.
                    
                    Also the quantities, add and cancel buttons should not disappear.
E-A-Q-R  04091003 E Caliper not being entered in automatically
                    See Attached
                    After I typed in the Board and hit the tab key on the keyboard the caliper should be entered in a
                    utomatically under the caliper field but it wasn't.
E-A-Q-R  04141003 E View Item - move cursor to second qty field
                    See Attached
                    Move the cursor to the second qty field instead of the FG Item Field
E-A-Q-R  04141004 E View Item - saving the quantities
                    See Attached
                    The customer needs to save the quantites if a few are entered in.  There should be another save b
                    utton to just save the quantities and the quantities should disappear but still be saved.  Next t
                    he cursor should be moved to the FG # Item.
E-A-Q-R  04141005 E Item Specs - Not able to update the fields
                    See Attached
E-A-Q-R  04141006 E Size - changes in the field sizes
                    See Attached
                    The fields are way to large the fields need to be smaller as if you were in update mode.
                    
                    Also there needs to be an update button.  After that is clicked there needs to be a save and canc
                    el button.
E-A-Q-R  04141007 E Materials - changes to the screen
                    See Attached
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  39

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
E-A-Q-R  04141008 E View Item - Qty/Set
                    You need to be able to change the Qty/Set.  After you type in the board havee the cursor move to 
                    the Qty/Set field.
E-A-Q-R  04141013 E Materials - Cust Part# and Style
                    See Attached
                    The Cust Part# and Style number are not being displayed and they should be.
E-A-Q-R  04141015 E INKS - cust part #, style, and coverage%
                    See Attached
                    Cust Part# and Style and not being displayed.
                    
                    Also the Coverage % is not inside the boxes.
E-A-Q-R  04161005 E INKS - changing the color to 1
                    See Attached
E-A-Q-R  04281012 E Internal Users - Commissions
                    When add a new RFQ only internal users need to be able to change the Commission %.
E-A-Q-R  10061003 E Ecodes and email alerts  (Old Task 01201008)
                    New RFQ's will email an alert that and RFQ has been created and sent to all user ID's listed unde
                    r the Employee Alert folder.  For example, when a new RFQ is created via the web. 
                    Internal users / employees should be sent an email that that order arrived.
                    The email should list the following:
                    Email Address from Sender via Web.
                    Customer Code, Customer Name, Request for Quote Number. Estimate Number
                    Line 1,  Customer Part#,  RFQ Quantity,  Due Date
                    Line 2,  Customer Part#,  RFQ Quantity,  Due Date
                    Line 3,  Customer Part#,  RFQ Quantity,  Due Date
                    Line 4,  Customer Part#,  RFQ Quantity,  Due Date
                    Etc.
                    
                    AddERFQ will be new Program for Adding Request for Quotes via ASI Anyware.
                    Customer Code = ALL  will be programmed for all cusotmers to have one set of User Id's for the E 
                    Program.   For example,  AddEOrder may have one customer = ALL and then any order added for any c
                    ustomer via ASI Anyware will send and email to the user Id's defined for ALL.
E-A-Q-R  12091109 E Adding RFQ- Freight Charge
                    Change the Freight Charge's default to Bill not PrePaid.
E-A-S-S  03121304 E Sharp Shooter Finished Good Receipts Button
                    Rewrite Sharp Shooter Finished Goods Receipts Button for ASI Anyware.
E-A-S-S  03121305 E Sharp Shooter Finished Good MOVE Button
                    Rewrite Sharp Shooter Finished Goods MOVE Button for ASI Anyware.
                    This updates the same data file as Receipts.
                    However, the record must exist in the Receipts screen in order to select a Pallet Tag.
E-A-S-S  03121306 E Sharp Shooter Finished Good TRANSFER Button
                    Rewrite Sharp Shooter Finished Goods TRANSFER GOODS Button for ASI Anyware.
E-A-S-S  03121307 E Sharp Shooter Finished Good COUNT Button
                    Rewrite Sharp Shooter Finished Goods COUNT GOODS Button for ASI Anyware.
E-A-S-S  03121308 E Sharp Shooter Finished Good RETURNS Button
                    Rewrite Sharp Shooter Finished Goods RETURN GOODS Button for ASI Anyware.
E-A-S-S  03121309 E Sharp Shooter Finished Good CONSOLIDATE Button
                    Rewrite Sharp Shooter Finished Goods CONSOLIDATE GOODS Button for ASI Anyware.
                    This programs allows the user to combine units (Cases or bundles of boxes) from one tag to anothe
                    r tag for the same finished goods item and job number.
                    
                    For example, 
                    Pallet Tag# 1 has 20 Cases of 500 boxes per Case.
                    Pallet Tag# 2 has 10 Cases of 500 boxes per Case.
                    A full Pallet may have 50 cases.
                    The box manufacturer does not want to ship full pallet loads.
                    Consolidate tags allows combining cases onto one pallet.
                    
                    User will Scan Tag#2 and program imports 10 cases.
                    User then scans Tag#1 and program transfers the 10 cases to Tag#1.
                    Net Result after Posting.
                    Tag# 1 has 30 Cases in the I-f-1 Bins Folder.
                    Tag#2 has 0 Cases in the I-F-1 Bins Folder.
E-A-S-S  03121310 E Sharp Shooter ASI Anyware Pallet Tags
                    Rewrite Sharp Shooter Finished Goods for ASI Anyware.
                    Advantzware O-U-7 is the program that creates the Pallet Tags.
                    Sharp Shooter - Label Maintenance - Make FG Load Tags is the same Program as O-U-7.
                    Sharp Shooter Requires Pallet Tag with Bar Codes that are Generated via O-U-7.
                    
                    Create Same Buttons in ASI Anyware
E-A-S-S  08211212 E Convert Sharp shooter finished goods into ASI Anyware
                    Convert Sharp Shooter Finished Goods into ASI Anyware.
E-A-S-S  08251007 E Trailer Lookup
                    When you are using the Trailer Lookup and click a trailer or truck the cursor needs to go to the 
                    units field.
E-A-S-S  09251206 E Sharp shooter finished goods problems.
                    SS, FG, Transfer Goods, +ADD - Once you scan the Tag, the Name, Job#, From Warehouse, From Bin, C
                    ustomer, Units, Qty/Unit, Partial (if any), and Item# should be populated.
E-A-T-A  12131105 E Capture Signed BOL does not work on Apple Ipad2
                    The Signed BOL button needs another option to sign.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  40

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    There is no mouse on the Apple Ipad2.
                    If there a app or software that will allow a stylus pen to work? 
                    
                    
                     
                    
E-A-V-Q1 12121208 E Convert Query Accounts payable into ASI Anyware
                    Convert Query Accounts payable into ASI Anyware
                    
                     1. Invoice Balances
                     2. Checks/Invoices
                     3. AP Credit memos
                     4. AP Invoice Inquiry
E-A-V-W  03151002 E Folders on the Left in SHIP should be the same as TEST
                    See Attached
E-A-V-W1 03101029 E Change For to Begining
                    See Attached
E-A-V-W1 03101030 E shipID Lookup - not working
                    The shipID Lookup is not working at all.  The Begin and Equal for both Shipto and Cust# don't wor
                    k.
E-B-1-   02251302 E Add Excel Icon to E-B-1  Machine Parts Tab
                    Add Excel Icon on E-B-1 Machine Parts Tab.   
                    This will allow users to export any field from this table and export to excel.
                    
                    Use the IF1 Excel output Icon as a model for how this should work.  
                    All fields on the mach-part table that are visible in the viewer should be selectable as columns 
                    for output..
                    
                    Only parameter should be machine code and it should default to just the machine that is currently
                     shown on the Parts Tab but allow the user to dump parts for a range of machines.
                    
                    Once Fields are selected, they must be saved b User ID.
                    When User returns to Output to Excel the fields that were selected last time report ran should be
                     preselected.
                    
                    
E-B-1-   09241304 E Add Excel Icon to E-B-1  Browse Tab
                    Add Excel Icon on E-B-1 Machine View Tab   
                    (See Print Icon on Screen for Fields)
                    This will allow users to export any field from this table and export to excel.
                    All fields on the View Machine Table that are visible in the viewer should be selectable as fiels
                     / columns for output..
                    
                    Output Parameter will be From Machine    ___________ To Machine    ________________
                    Default to Machines Displayed on the Browser.
                    
                    Once Fields are selected, they must be saved b User ID.
                    When User returns to Output to Excel the fields that were selected last time report ran should be
                     preselected.  Therefore ASI may select fields that will be different then user JOE that may sele
                    ct different fields.
                    
                    
E-B-1-3  12081115 E Add Priority to Browser
                    See Attached.
                    The last field is the Priority Level.
                    Add YELLLOW COLUMN heading (If Possbile 15 Minutes) for Priority.
                    
                    Remove Sort by Priority on Auto Find.      
                    
E-B-2-   09101410 E Style File new WildCard Search on Style Description
                    Folding Carton Styles.
                    Add *WildCard* search for Style Description on the Auto Find Box.
                    
                    See Attached Example for the Corrugated Style File.
                    Folding to work the same.
E-B-2-   09241312 E Add Excel Icon to E-B-2  Folding Styles View Tab
                    Add Excel Icon on E-B-2  Folding Styles View Tab   
                    (See Print Icon on Screen for Fields)
                    This will allow users to export any field from this table and export to excel.
                    All fields on the View Styles Table that are visible in the viewer should be selectable as fiels 
                    / columns for output..
                    
                    Output Parameter will be From Style   ___________ To Style   ________________
                    Default to Styles Displayed on the Browser.
                    
                    Once Fields are selected, they must be saved b User ID.
                    When User returns to Output to Excel the fields that were selected last time report ran should be
                     preselected.  Therefore ASI may select fields that will be different then user JOE that may sele
                    ct different fields.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  41

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
E-B-3-   09101411 E Style File new WildCard Search on Style Description
                    Corrugated Carton Styles.
                    Add *WildCard* search for Style Description on the Auto Find Box.
                    
                    See Attached Example for the Corrugated Style File.
E-B-3-   09241313 E Add Excel Icon to E-B-3  Corrugated Styles View Tab
                    Add Excel Icon on E-B-3  Corrugated Styles View Tab   
                    (See Print Icon on Screen for Fields)
                    This will allow users to export any field from this table and export to excel.
                    All fields on the View Styles Table that are visible in the viewer should be selectable as fiels 
                    / columns for output..
                    
                    Output Parameter will be From Style   ___________ To Style   ________________
                    Default to Styles Displayed on the Browser.
                    
                    Once Fields are selected, they must be saved b User ID.
                    When User returns to Output to Excel the fields that were selected last time report ran should be
                     preselected.  Therefore ASI may select fields that will be different then user JOE that may sele
                    ct different fields.
                    
E-B-5-   07241407 E Util/BuildFluteMatrix.r    To restore the E-B-6 Flute Stacking Matrix
                    Write Utility to Restore the Flute Stacking matrix.
                    The customer deleted all their pallets and this erased the flute stacking patterns under EB6.
                    This means that they deleted the M-F-1 Items with Material Type D.
                    
                    
                    ASI Note
                    Utilitty does not restore pallet and or matrix patterns.
                    Utilty assumes a pallet exists.
E-B-8-   01151003 E N-K Addprep - When integer Value is 1, default description
                    N-K-1 ADDPREP = yes,  when Adding a Die Charge or Printing Plate on an estimate, the system will 
                    pull up the Prep and Die File.  
                    This will default the material to either a "P"  if adding a plate, or a "D" if adding a die
                    
                    Integer Value is 0, the user enters in the description
                    
                    Integer value is 1, the system will default the description to Printing Plate when the material t
                    ype is a "P",  if the material type is a "D", "R" or  "F" default the description to Cutting die.
                      
                    This is in add mod only, when adding from an estimate.  
                    This is for both folding and corrugated
E-B-8-   04221302 E Add FG Category should import the Revenue GL#
                    Add new Prep Code or Update Existing Prep Code.  (See Attached)
                    Add or Change FG Product Category.
                    1) Change Account No.    to Sales G/L No:
                    2) The GL# Validation should force a Revenue Account Type
                    3) This should import the FG Product Category Revenue GL# to the Preps GL Account#.
                    
E-B-8-   06051204 E N-K Addprep - Logical Value = YES
                    E-B-8 Prep & Die File.
                    Add Button.   Currently user can pick P, F,  or R  for Printing Die, Flat Die or Rotary Dies resp
                    ectively.   The new prep code will begin with the letter selected and automatically find the 1st 
                    available number.    Add new option called FM = Foam to popup window.
                    When selecting FM, the system will find the first number starting with FM and assign this first a
                    vailable number that it finds.
                    
                    2)  Estimate Spec Folder,  new logic for ? on the Plate# or Die#.
                    + Sign on Plate Number will automatically assign the first available number starting with P.
                    + Sign on Die Number will invoke the logic in number 
                           1) above to select a die type and automatically assign the next available number starting 
                    with F, R or FM
                    
                    Then the Save button will then invoke the existing logic when 
                    N-K-1 AddPrep logical value = YES.    
                    i.e.  Prep Code does not exist.  Add?   Yes will display the Prep File with the new Code defined.
                    
                    And user can they type cost, customer ID, etc.   
                    
                    More logic may be added on other tasks to copy the GL Number, Material Type, Whse, 
E-B-8-   11051312 E GL Account to allow other GL Types
                    Prep Charges Validation for GL Account Number.
                    Importing the GL Acccount from the Product Category is Good.
                    However if Prep is BILLABLE.
                    The GL Account must be a Revenue Account.
                    This transfers to order, invoice and posts to GL.
                    
                    If Prep is any Status other than SEPARATE BILLABLE.
                    Then allow any type of GL Account.
                    
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  42

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Same Logic must exist when adding Prep via the Estimate.
E-B-T-   07201113 E "Max Units" field should be "Max Pallets"
                    The field name "Max Units" should be "Max Pallets" - see attached.
E-C- -   01131101 E N-K QuoPrint = Fibre-Excel   Prep Charges to Print by Form#/Blank#
                    To test print ASI quote 1314.   See ASI estimate 8439 Prep/Route Folder.
                    This has multiple prep charges and they display in Form# / Blank# Order.
                    The print out should sort like this.
                    
                    See Attached Corrugated Estimate #143240 for printing change requested.
                    When we enter misc prep items on the estimate, they are added to the quote file by order of Form 
                    number and blank number.
                    
                    However the N-K-1 QuoPrint = FibreExcel is printing in alphanumeric order.
                    Change quote form to print Prep Charges on the MISC folder of the Quote File to print in descendi
                    ng order by Form# and Blank#.
                    
                    Please note, quote will no longer print prep charges in alpha order.
                    All quotes will print prep charges by Form# / Blank# as the quote file is displayed.
                    
E-C- -   01241104 E N-K QuoPrint = Fibre-Excel   Prep Charges to Print by Form#/Blank#
                    When multiple quantities on quote, prep charges were printing for each qty instead of once.
                    
E-C- -   01241108 E Mods to Assembled Partition Logic
                    1) Display assembled partition screen on update button.
                    2) Need End Cell, Interior Cell, End Cell.  
                         No autocalculating anything.  Warn if these cells don't add up.
                    3)  Show 6 decimals.  See Attached.
E-C- -   02031103 E Add "X" and "Y" axis to the machine file.
                    See Attached.
                    The new "X" axis would be number of long pieces.    (Same Field as Qty/Set for Long)
                    This would pull from the qty per set field of the first line on a partition set.
                    The new "Y" axis would be number of short pieces.   (Same Field as Qty/Set for Short)
                    This would pull from the qty per set field of the second line on a partition set.
                    
                    Please note, the standard 29 is currently parts per set.
                    This is a combination of both the qty/set of long and qty/set of shorts.
                    This should have the logic but we need to separate this by long and by short.
                    
                    N-Z-7 new values:
                    31 Qty/Set Longs
                    32 Qty/Set Shorts
E-C- -   02031202 E N-K CESample
                    See Attachments
                    See Estimate 9407.   Print Folder  - Sample Button
                    
                    Integer Value -  When printing the Sample Sheet, if the Sample Number is Blank.
                        Program will Automatically assign the next sequential Sample Number from the 
                        N-K-1 CESample Integer Value  Field.
                        This will then Store the Sample Number on the on the Print Selection Screen.  
                         Once Assigned, the sample number will be saved on the Print Parameters.
                        Reprinting the Sample Sheet will print the same number.
                    
                    
                    Make sure that I have the logic correct.
                    When 1st Printing the Sample, the program will assign the next sequential number.
                    However, once assigned, this number will remain the same for this Sample Sheet.
                    
                    If you revise the Sample, you can add a letter to the end of the number such as A, B, C for each 
                    revision.
                    
                         
                     
                     
                    
E-C- -   02151103 E N-K CECPURWAS logical value = yes  Farmout tab to calculate without wa
                    Corrugated Estimating to Search FARM Folder Costs With or Without Machine Waste?
                    
                    Waste = Make Ready waste and Run Spoilage.
                    For purchased items, the FARM folder houses the cost for the purchased Finished Goods.   
                    The machine routing on the Prep/Route Folder may include make ready waste and run spoilage when c
                    alculating the total quantity to purchase.    For example, the FARM folder had quantities and cos
                    ts were $500 for 1 M, $300 for 5 M and $200 for 10 M and $100 for 999,999 M.  If we quoted estima
                    te quantities of 1000, 5000, 10000 and w had a 10% waste for the BUYOUT Machine representing the 
                    vendor waste, then the estimate would calculate sheets as 1100, 5500 and 11,000. 
                    
                    Logical value = YES, the waste IS NOT included in the calculated quantity required to purchase fi
                    nished goods when searching the FARM folder for the correct cost.    
                    If we ignore the waste the cost for 1M would be $500, 2M would be $300 and 10M as $200.
                    
                    Logical Value = NO.  Print Folder WILL include the calculated waste for the machines on the routi
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  43

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    ng folder.   The cost for 1M would be $300 as this would be over 1M and find the 5M cost.
                    The cost for 5M would be $200 as this would be over 5M and would find the cost for 10M.
                    The 10M cost would be $100 as this would find the 999,999 M cost.
E-C- -   02221117 E N-K CECSCRN = DECIMAL   Logical Value = Yes to Validate Dimensions
                    Corrugated Estimatng.  N-K-1 CECSCRN = Character Value = Decimals Only.
                    Logical Value = Yes will Validate Decimals to Right of Decimals.    
                    For Example.   Box dimenision may be 12.125 x 12.75 x 15.03125     If they typed 15..0325  the .0
                    325 is not valid.   Program would change this to .03125
                    Attached file shows only valid digits to right of decimal.     
                    
                    Program a table that matches this file.  The decimal number must be equal to one of these numbers
                     when Logical Value = Yes when Character Value = Decimal.
                                               
                    There are only 64 valid decimals numbers if user is using 64ths of an inch     
                    For example, if users types .014125, System will display, invalid Dimension.
                    If they type .015  it must be .015265
                    If they type .03  it must be .03125
                    If they type .07 it must be .078125
                    F1 Lookup on dimensions would be very usesful but only for digits to right of decimal.
                    And only when N-K-1 CECScrn = Decimals. 
E-C- -   02271203 E New TOTAL UP Field for the Gross Sheet Size
                    New Database Field:  Total Number Up.
                    See Attached.
                    
                    Our software calculates the Total Number Up on the Die and Total Number Out on the Gross Sheet vi
                    a the AutoCalc Button.
                    
                    The LAYOUT folder has a field that displays the total number out.
                    This is calculated by the Gross Sheet W x L x D.
                    However, the FOAM machine can cut like a jig saw and can cut dimensions we cannot calculate.    T
                    hey need the ability to manually type the total number out.
                    This will be used to calculate the total number of sheets on the PRINT folder.
                    
                    New Mod for OVERRIDE Button that requires a field to manually type Total Out.
                    This can default to the L X W x D, however user can change.
                    For example 3 x 2 x 1   = 6
                    User may type 7 Out.
                    The Esitmate Print Folder must calculate with the 101 rather than the 100.
E-C- -   02281208 E Expand Layout Width and Length to 9999.99
                    Estimate Layout Folder only allows 999.99 on Side to Side field.
                    See if we can expand this by 1 digit.
E-C- -   03081204 E New Toggle Box -Calc Board Cost per Blank ($75/Hour)
                    Estimate Print Folder - Calculate Button.  (See Attached)
                    New Toggle Box - Calc Board Cost per Blank
                    Currently, the program calculates the cost of board based on the GROSS Sheet.
                    Formula is Gross Sheet L X W x D / 144 x Sheets Required x Cost per BF or MSF.
                    
                    However, foam may be purchased in a BUN with a size of 48 x 108 x 40.
                    They may only need 5 pieces with a size of 48 x 108 x 2.
                    If they sliced 5 pieces off the block of foam.
                    They would have a foam piece of 48x108 x 30 remaining in inventory.
                    This piece of foam can be used on another job.
                    
                    This toggle box will allow the estimator to put the Stocked BUN of 48x108x 40 on the Layout Folde
                    r.    Toggle box will look at the blank size for calculating the cost of the board.
                    Formula will be 
                    Blank size of 48x108x2 / 144 times Estimate Quantity.
                    
                    
                    See ASI Estimate 9471 for Blank size 27.06x5.04x2.04 
                    Foam Bun is 55x125x35 with 120 out.
                    Only 5 blanks will be cut and bun will be returned to inventory.
                    For Example,  (27.375x5.25x2.25) / 144 x 5  = 11.22 BF x BF Cost 
                    Per M = Total Cost / Est Qty x 1000
E-C- -   03091106 E N-K CEMISC  Change simon code default on misc screen to be an "S"  cha
                    The default we currently use for the simon code on the misc screen in estimating is an "I" for in
                    cluded.  They would like this to default to an "S" for seperate.  
                    This would take an N-K-1 flag to show the default.
E-C- -   03271206 E N-K QuoPrice  View Form Character Value
                    The logical value currently turns on this logic for all customers.
                    Existing Logic uses the N-K QuoPrice  View Control Character Value as either M or EA.
                    Estimates PRINT  Folder - Calculate Button creates as cost per M
                    Print Folder - Quote Button creates a quote via M or EA 
                    This is dictated by the N-K-1 QuoPrice View Control characer value which is M or EA.
                    However this is universal for all customers when logical value = YES.
                    
                    Move logic to VIEW FORM folder by Customer.
                    This modification will make invoke this logic by customer.
                    This will require using the View Form Character Value.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  44

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    To Test new Logic.
                    Set N-K-1 QuoPrice View Control Logical Valeu = Yes.
                    Set N-K-1 QuoPrice  View Control Character Valeu = M.
                    Set N-K-1 QuoPrice  View Form Customer Code = IBM1000
                    Set N-K-1 QuoPrice View Form  Character Value = EA.
                    Set N-K-1 QuoPrice View Form  Logical Valeu = Yes.
                    In this example.
                    Quotes created for customer IBM will be created as Price EA.
                    For all other customers, quotes will be created as M.
E-C- -   04011008 E Yellow Toggle Mod to Estimate Browse Screen
                    Customer wants to be able to manually "flag" estimates so that they will appear highlighted in ye
                    llow on the browser.
                    
                    Toggle Box will be added to specs folder.
E-C- -   04131206 E Move "Tab" column in Estimate folder of EC.
                    Move the "Tab" column for Corrugated Estimates (Estimate Folder) so it dislplays between "Test" a
                    nd "Board" - see attachment.
E-C- -   05031303 E Cad/Artios default to  N-K SetPrint
                    CAD/Artios import will set the estimate type based on the N-K-1 SePrint Logical Value.
                    
                    Existing Logic when manually adding a SET Estimate.
                    N-K-1 parameter SetPrint logical value determines the type of set that is created.
                    Logical Value = YES, then set are created as UNASSEMBLED. 
                    Logical Value = NO, then the set will be defined as ASSEMBLED. 
                    Logical Value = ?  will create set estimates as assembled with Parts.
                    
                    
                    
E-C- -   05101210 E New + Sign Button on Bottom to Assign FG Item# Codes
                    New N-K-FGITEM# character value determines the new finished goods item code when adding an order.
                        Copy the logic to assign the next finished goods item code to the estimate folder when updati
                    ng or adding a new customer part number.
                    
                    Add Button at Bottom to import the next sequential finished goods item code based on the N-K-1 FG
                    Item# character value.  Soule has this set to Hughes which assign a letter, the customer code, se
                    quential number, letter A and 00 to 99.
                    
                    Please note, if the estimate is a set, the SET button finished goods item will default end with 0
                    0 and each component will be same item code but ending with 01, 02, 03, 04 ect.
E-C- -   05111103 E N-K CEMISC  Change simon code default on misc screen to be an "S"  cha
                    F1 on Character Value should show
                    S, I, N,  etc.
                    
                    Alos, this is no longer working.
                    The default we currently use for the simon code on the misc screen in estimating is an "I" for in
                    cluded.  They would like this to default to an "S" for seperate.  
                    This would take an N-K-1 flag to show the default.
E-C- -   05171201 E N-K SetPrint = McLean with N-K-1 CeRunC = Protagon
                    See Attached for ASI Estimate 7483 and Set Estimate 9586 Corrugated Estimate Folder - Hard Copy B
                    utton.
                    
                    Keep Existing Column Heading, but make new Column Heading.
                    Make the following mods to the estimate summary sheet for SETS:
                    1)  Print Format allows for up to 5 Set Quantities.
                          If unchecked this will print just the Item Name without Item Description 1.  
                          If Checked, this will print the Item Description 1 under the Item Name.
                    SPEC folder shows both Item Name and Item Description 1.
                    2)   At Bottom on Print, there is room to add Item Name for each Component.
                           Add Item Name Name Between part Number and Quantity Columns.
                    3) Toggle Box on Print Selection:   Print Set Price Each ____   /M
                         Currently this print /M
                         If Each, then divide sell price by 1000.
                    4)  On Sepate Cost section this now prints both billable MISC and PREP under one section.
                          Separate this into two sections.   Heading will be BILLAABE MISC and all costs from MISC ta
                    b will print here.   2nd Section Heading will be Billable PREP and all Billable Prep Charges from
                     PREP/ROUTE folder will print here.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
E-C- -   06061301 E N-K CESAMPLE = Premier     New Form for Estimate SAMPLE Button
                    See Attached Sample of the check list.
                    Estimate PRINT tab - SAMPLE Button
                    ASI will need Decription of each Field to Finalize Quote.
                    Many Fields are not Available in the ASI Database, therefore, Box Plant must hand Type info.
                    For Example.
                    1) Plates Y/N  ?
                    2) Plates Due Date
                    3) Die Due Date
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  45

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    4) Inside Dimensions    (How is that diffferent from L x W x D ? )
                    5) Unitizing ?  Standard ?  Custom?
                    
                    Many fields must be explained.
E-C- -   06091407 E WildCard Search by Style
                    See Attached.
                    I want to search by descriptoin.
                    Add Wildcard to both search options.
E-C- -   06111209 E New Set Database Field called Set? on Estimate and Spec Tab
                    New Database Field called Set on the Estimate / Spec Folder?
                    This field will be used for Two Piece Boxes inside a Set.  
                    
                    For Example, ASI Estimate 9603 is a set for 1000 items.
                    The 1st item is a two piece box with a quantity per set = 2.
                    However, this means that you need two sheets that are glued together to make 1 box.
                    The 2nd item is a pad with a quantity per set = 2.
                    This item simply requires 2 pads for each Set.
                    
                    When you add an order for this set, if N-K-1 OEShip logical value = YES, then the set item and bo
                    th components are listed separately on the order.  This allows each component to ship separately.
                         The order will show 1000 sets, 2000 RSC's and 2000 Pads.
                    The reality is that the 2000 RSC's are glued together to make 1000 Boxes.
                    Hence they can only ship 1000 boxes.
                    
                    The program needs to know when to multiple the quantity per set times the set's order quantity.
                    If the new database field "Set" is YES, then the order quantity of the component will treated the
                     Qty per Set = 1.    For example, the RSC would have 2PC = YES and Pads = NO.
                    So the set order quantty = 1000 would yield a RSC order Quantity of 1000 and pads = 2000.
E-C- -   06121206 E Partition Styles = P
                    New Formual for Slot height.
                    We set our tolerances a little too tight.
                    Sorry for the confusion.
                                 Blank Width (Partition Height) under 4 inches - divide height by 2 and add .0625
                                 Blank Width (Partition Height) over 4 inches - divided height by 2 and add .125.
                    
                    Test with ASI Estimate 9562
                    The Blank Width = Partition Height = 4.3125
                    So 4.3125 / 2 + .125
                    
                    ASI Estimate 9563 the Height = 1 Inch.
                    Therefore the Slot Height = 1/ 2 + .0625
E-C- -   06191204 E New Set Database Field called Set? on Estimate and Spec Tab
                    New Database Field called Set on the Estimate / Spec Folder?
                    This field will be used for Two Piece Boxes inside a Set.  
                    
                    For Example, ASI Estimate 6603 is a set for 1000 items.
                    The 1st item is a two piece box with a quantity per set = 2.
                    However, this means that you need two sheets that are glued together to make 1 box.
                    The 2nd item is a pad with a quantity per set = 2.
                    This item simply requires 2 pads for each Set.
                    
                    When you add an order for this set, if N-K-1 OEShip logical value = YES, then the set item and bo
                    th components are listed separately on the order.  This allows each component to ship separately.
                         The order will show 1000 sets, 2000 RSC's and 2000 Pads.
                    The reality is that the 2000 RSC's are glued together to make 1000 Boxes.
                    Hence they can only ship 1000 boxes.
                    
                    The program needs to know when to multiple the quantity per set times the set's order quantity.
                    If the new database field "Set" is YES, then the order quantity of the component will treated the
                     Qty per Set = 1.    For example, the RSC would have 2PC = YES and Pads = NO.
                    So the set order quantty = 1000 would yield a RSC order Quantity of 1000 and pads = 2000.
E-C- -   06191205 E New Set Database Field called Set? on Estimate and Spec Tab
                    New Database Field called Set on the Estimate / Spec Folder?
                    This field will be used for Two Piece Boxes inside a Set.  
                    
                    For Example, ASI Estimate 6603 is a set for 1000 items.
                    The 1st item is a two piece box with a quantity per set = 2.
                    However, this means that you need two sheets that are glued together to make 1 box.
                    The 2nd item is a pad with a quantity per set = 2.
                    This item simply requires 2 pads for each Set.
                    
                    When you add an order for this set, if N-K-1 OEShip logical value = YES, then the set item and bo
                    th components are listed separately on the order.  This allows each component to ship separately.
                         The order will show 1000 sets, 2000 RSC's and 2000 Pads.
                    The reality is that the 2000 RSC's are glued together to make 1000 Boxes.
                    Hence they can only ship 1000 boxes.
                    
                    The program needs to know when to multiple the quantity per set times the set's order quantity.
                    If the new database field "Set" is YES, then the order quantity of the component will treated the
                     Qty per Set = 1.    For example, the RSC would have 2PC = YES and Pads = NO.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  46

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    So the set order quantty = 1000 would yield a RSC order Quantity of 1000 and pads = 2000.
E-C- -   06191206 E New Set Database Field called Set? on Estimate and Spec Tab
                    New Database Field called Set on the Estimate / Spec Folder?
                    This field will be used for Two Piece Boxes inside a Set.  
                    
                    For Example, ASI Estimate 6603 is a set for 1000 items.
                    The 1st item is a two piece box with a quantity per set = 2.
                    However, this means that you need two sheets that are glued together to make 1 box.
                    The 2nd item is a pad with a quantity per set = 2.
                    This item simply requires 2 pads for each Set.
                    
                    When you add an order for this set, if N-K-1 OEShip logical value = YES, then the set item and bo
                    th components are listed separately on the order.  This allows each component to ship separately.
                         The order will show 1000 sets, 2000 RSC's and 2000 Pads.
                    The reality is that the 2000 RSC's are glued together to make 1000 Boxes.
                    Hence they can only ship 1000 boxes.
                    
                    The program needs to know when to multiple the quantity per set times the set's order quantity.
                    If the new database field "Set" is YES, then the order quantity of the component will treated the
                     Qty per Set = 1.    For example, the RSC would have 2PC = YES and Pads = NO.
                    So the set order quantty = 1000 would yield a RSC order Quantity of 1000 and pads = 2000.
E-C- -   06211004 E Update all quantities with GSA changes
                    See attached
                    When multiple quantites exist on the estimate and you check the box to update GSA when calculatin
                    g the estimate, the system will prompt for each quantity by form.  
                    
                    Add a toggle box that will update all quantites with the same GSA that is entered on the first qu
                    antity.  This will also not prompt for additional quantities if the box is checked.  
                    Whatever they enter on the first quantity will copy to the other quantities.  
                    This is only for the first GSA amounts, the bottom part will be the defaults.  
                    If the box is checked to not prompt for multiple quantities the user will not be able to update t
                    he bottom portion of the override menu.
E-C- -   06251209 E New Set Database Field called Set? on Estimate and Spec Tab
                    New Database Field called Set on the Estimate / Spec Folder?
                    This field will be used for Two Piece Boxes inside a Set.  
                    
                    For Example, ASI Estimate 6603 is a set for 1000 items.
                    The 1st item is a two piece box with a quantity per set = 2.
                    However, this means that you need two sheets that are glued together to make 1 box.
                    The 2nd item is a pad with a quantity per set = 2.
                    This item simply requires 2 pads for each Set.
                    
                    When you add an order for this set, if N-K-1 OEShip logical value = YES, then the set item and bo
                    th components are listed separately on the order.  This allows each component to ship separately.
                         The order will show 1000 sets, 2000 RSC's and 2000 Pads.
                    The reality is that the 2000 RSC's are glued together to make 1000 Boxes.
                    Hence they can only ship 1000 boxes.
                    
                    The program needs to know when to multiple the quantity per set times the set's order quantity.
                    If the new database field "Set" is YES, then the order quantity of the component will treated the
                     Qty per Set = 1.    For example, the RSC would have 2PC = YES and Pads = NO.
                    So the set order quantty = 1000 would yield a RSC order Quantity of 1000 and pads = 2000.
E-C- -   06271206 E New Set Database Field called Set? on Estimate and Spec Tab
                    New Database Field called Set on the Estimate / Spec Folder?
                    This field will be used for Two Piece Boxes inside a Set.  
                    
                    For Example, ASI Estimate 6603 is a set for 1000 items.
                    The 1st item is a two piece box with a quantity per set = 2.
                    However, this means that you need two sheets that are glued together to make 1 box.
                    The 2nd item is a pad with a quantity per set = 2.
                    This item simply requires 2 pads for each Set.
                    
                    When you add an order for this set, if N-K-1 OEShip logical value = YES, then the set item and bo
                    th components are listed separately on the order.  This allows each component to ship separately.
                         The order will show 1000 sets, 2000 RSC's and 2000 Pads.
                    The reality is that the 2000 RSC's are glued together to make 1000 Boxes.
                    Hence they can only ship 1000 boxes.
                    
                    The program needs to know when to multiple the quantity per set times the set's order quantity.
                    If the new database field "Set" is YES, then the order quantity of the component will treated the
                     Qty per Set = 1.    For example, the RSC would have 2PC = YES and Pads = NO.
                    So the set order quantty = 1000 would yield a RSC order Quantity of 1000 and pads = 2000.
E-C- -   06281201 E New Set Database Field called Set? on Estimate and Spec Tab
                    New Database Field called Set on the Estimate / Spec Folder?
                    This field will be used for Two Piece Boxes inside a Set.  
                    
                    For Example, ASI Estimate 6603 is a set for 1000 items.
                    The 1st item is a two piece box with a quantity per set = 2.
                    However, this means that you need two sheets that are glued together to make 1 box.
                    The 2nd item is a pad with a quantity per set = 2.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  47

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    This item simply requires 2 pads for each Set.
                    
                    When you add an order for this set, if N-K-1 OEShip logical value = YES, then the set item and bo
                    th components are listed separately on the order.  This allows each component to ship separately.
                         The order will show 1000 sets, 2000 RSC's and 2000 Pads.
                    The reality is that the 2000 RSC's are glued together to make 1000 Boxes.
                    Hence they can only ship 1000 boxes.
                    
                    The program needs to know when to multiple the quantity per set times the set's order quantity.
                    If the new database field "Set" is YES, then the order quantity of the component will treated the
                     Qty per Set = 1.    For example, the RSC would have 2PC = YES and Pads = NO.
                    So the set order quantty = 1000 would yield a RSC order Quantity of 1000 and pads = 2000.
E-C- -   07111306 E N-K CERUNC = Protagon (Change Markup to OH%)
                    Mod request to have the heading mrkup% changed to OH%
                    20130717 - JAD - modified report headers as quoted.
E-C- -   07181201 E Resize Project EC tab Prep/Route update panels
                    Resize Project: move update panels back to the right of the browsers on tab 6 (Prep/Route)
E-C- -   07181404 E New Button To Default Purchased / Farm Out Estimate
                    See Attached and Refer to ASI corrugated estimate 11775.
                    Click + Sign will have new Button called FARM OUT.   This will default Purchase/Manf = P
                    This will display next Window to Allow Typing
                    
                       FG item Code      _______________    (This will execute same Copy Logic when adding           
                                                                                      (estimate and typing existing F
                    G Item Code)
                                                                                                (This imports Style, 
                    Size, etc.)
                       Customer Part#   _______________      (This will execute same Copy Logic when adding          
                                                                                                   (estimate and typi
                    ng existing Custom Part# )
                                                                                                (This imports Style, 
                    Size, etc. - NK-1 CECOPY)
                    
                       Color Description _______________________   (This will populate the EB.i-ColDescr field)
                    
                    DEFAULT Materials   (The Following will be typed once then Saved for Future Estiamtes)
                       Glue Code          FO Glue          
                       Bundle Code     FO Bundle
                       Pallet Code        FO Pallet
                       Banding Code   FO Banding
                    
                    SAVE Button will ADD new Estimate
                    The Default Materials will transfer to the Estimate.
E-C- -   07221309 E N-K CERUNC = Protagon (Change Markup to OH%)
                    Mod request to have the heading mrkup% changed to OH%
                    20130717 - JAD - modified report headers as quoted.
E-C- -   07281004 E Corrugated Estimate  -  Default Broker Comm% to pull from AF1
                    Corrugated Estimate Only
                    PRINT Folder - Calculate Button.   
                    Click override GS&A
                    A toggle box field exists for Broker Comm%
                    The customer file field called Broker Comm% will transfer to this Field.
                    If this is zero, the Broker Commission will transfer from the estimate control file via E-B Menu.
                    
                    Likewise, if the GS&A Toggle box is not checked, the Broker Commission will still be used.
                    
                    Please note: once the GS&A broker commisssion has be added or changed, all future estimate calcul
                    ations will use this percentage.   Therefore the customer and control file will only be used when
                     this field is not modified.
                    
                    Please do not confuse this field with the commission field by salesman.  The commission by salesm
                    an will still work the way it always has.  
E-C- -   08161008 E Add Purchase/Manufactured to add from Cad screen
                    Add new field for purchased or manufactured to the artios screen. (see attachment for example)  T
                    his should default to "M"anufactured.
E-C- -   08161009 E Default by style file for searching for size
                    Currect logic will first look at the fields called L and W from artios, if this has a size in it 
                    then use that size, if blank then use the blank size field.
                    Due to the new version of artios they are using this size is filled in more often then not, but t
                    hey no longer want it to always use this size.
                    New logic will be if the style is one of (5PF,5PFN,COM,FOL,FTB,FTT,HSC,RSC,RSCFOL) Then is the L,
                    W fields is filled in use that field.
                    If not one of these styles then do not look at the fields called L and W and just go to the blank
                     size field and pull that into the estimate
E-C- -   08281207 E N-K CECPromptNCBrd     Warning when Board is "N" on Layout screen.
                    N-K CECPromptNCBrd     Warning for Non Charged Board for Manufactured Boxes.
                    Estimates Layout Tab allows setting Board Charge to C for Chargeable or N for Non Chargeable.   P
                    urchased boxes know as FARM OUTS will default this to N for no charge for the board since the ent
                    ire box is purchased.  
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  48

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Logical Value = YES     PRINT FOLDER - CALCULATE Button
                    During calculation, pop-up message will display the following warning: 
                    "Form X  will calculate with NO CHARGE FOR BOARD so board cost will be Zero,  Proceed?". 
                    
                    When the Layout folder board charge = NC and the Estimate is set to M for manufactured Box.   Sin
                    ce we must buy paperboard to manufacture a box, this should normally be C for Charge Board Cost.
                    
                    
                    
                    
E-C- -   08291406 E Excel Icon to E-C
                    Excel Icon on E-C  Broswer  See Attached.
                    
                    Add new Available Fields to Select
                    
                    1)  1st ID      (This will pull the field called Created By)
                    2)  Last ID   ( This will pull the field called Modified By) 
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
E-C- -   09091008 E N-K CeRoute1 Logical Value = yes Build on routing screen to show sched
                    N-K CeRoute when logical value is yes, this will show machines excluded from the routing when cli
                    cking build.  Currently when building the routing on the prep and routing screen, if the routing 
                    that is setup in the style file has limitations that are outside limits for this particular estim
                    ate the system pulls other machines that might work.
                    
                    New  N-K CeRoute1 log = yes option to show only the machines on the routing that is setup in the 
                    style file for this item and size only.  If any of the routing will not fit for this estimate, sh
                    ow only machines that are setup in the style file and show if they are ok or if there is an excep
                    tion.  Have two buttons, import farmout and import valid machines.
                    
E-C- -   09101402 E N-K CESAMPLE = Premier - Automate Tab In/Out selection
                    Automatically x or check the appropriate box in the "Inside" "Outside" "N/A" box on the NOC.
                    This should be based on the "Tab" value on the Estimate Specs screen.
                    
                    Additional bug fix: print area on template to fit entire page
E-C- -   09131304 E Artios Unit Count Importing.   Approved if Under 4 Hours.
                    See Attached
                    After using the cad import process.
                    The Inks/Pack screen comes in with # of Stacks = 0 
                    To Resolve, click Units/Pack Tab and Click Unit Calc Button and save this is corrected.  
                    
                    N-K-1 CEUNIT Characater Value = Auto Calc
                    Add Estimate from Cad-Cam Button.
                    Add logic at end of import to execute the Auto calculating logic immediately.
E-C- -   09161405 E New Sell Price Field on Prep Tab
                    Insert sale price field into Prep File and the Estimate Prep Tab.
                    N-K-1 CePrepPrice 
                    Character Value dictates the calculation based on Cost Markup or Profit Markup.
                    
                    1)  Add New Sell Price Field in the E-B Prep File
                    2)  Add New Sell Price Field in the Estimate Prep Tab.
                    3)  Add New Sell Price Field in the Quotes Prep Tab
                    4)  Estimator types Cost and Markup% and Program will calculate the Sell Price.
                    5)  Estimator changes the Markup% and Program will calcualte the Sell Price.
                    6)  Estimator changes the SELL price and the Program calculates the Markup.
                          The Cost is fixed so this will recalculate the Markup.
                    7)  Add Prep Code to the Estimate will impor the Cost, Markup and Sell Price.
                    8)  E-B Prep File, adding cost and markup will calculate Sell Price.
                    9)  Quotes created from Esimate will update the Quotes Sell Price.
                    10)  Add Estimate will transfer the Quotes Sell Price to the Orders Misc Tab.
                    11)  Add Misc Charge to Order will transfer the Preps Sell Price and Cost to the Misc Tab.
                    
                    
                          
                    
                    
E-C- -   09261207 E Layout Folder  - Enable Total Up on the Die line for Foam estimates
                    Die Total Number up is calculated by Die Width x Die Length.
                    However they need to modify this number.
                    OVERRIDE button will allow changing this Total Number Up which will then print on the Estiamte pr
                    int out.
E-C- -   10011203 E Tandem and combo estimates need to have different Selling Price for it
                    ASI es#9963 is a tandem estimate and est#8671 is a combo.  When you click the "What If" and chang
                    e the price of one of the items, all of the items prices change.  Customer wants to be able to ha
                    ve multiple pricing on combo and tandem estimates.
                    
                    ASI Response:
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  49

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Click the ITEM button on the PRINT Folder.  Next, click Update Multiple Sell Prices Button and th
                    at's how you can change the sell price pn different tems.
E-C- -   10211413 E WildCard Search on AUTOFIND options in Corrugated Estimates
                    Add   *WildCard* Search to All AutoFind Options.
                    F1on the Estimate Browser does not.
                    Click E-F Folding Estimate.
                    
                    1)  Etc.  Add to All F1 Lookups on Estimate Browser.
                          For Example.
                    a  Press F1 on Style,  Click Autofind by Name.  Type *Tray*   this finds nothing.
                          Under Click E-B-2  Folding Carton Styles  *WildCard* search for Style Description on the   
                                Auto Find Box was added and works perfectly.
                          For example, type *Tray*   this finds all styles with Tray in the Description.
                    b)   Likewise.  Click SPEC Tab.  Click F1 on Style.  Click Autofind by Name.  Type *Tray*
                           Move logic from E-B-2 to Speck Tab Style File.
                    c)  F1 on Estimate#.   Click AutoFind by Customer Name.  Type *Food*
                         This should find Hershey Foods.
                          Add This to All Auto Finds.
                    d)  F1 on Customer Part#
                    e) F1 on FG Item.
                    
                    Etc.   Do All F1 on on Fields.
                    
                    
                    
                    
E-C- -   10221204 E N-K QUOPRINT - Peachtree
                    Peachtree Quote currently prints the word Colors:  Followed by the Total number of Colors.
                    Replace this field with the Field above the Colors on the inks/pack folder.
                    Copy this logic from the N-K-1 QuoPrint = Xprint
                    See attachment of ASI quote 1726 for clarification.  
                    
                    To Test, print ASI Estimate 10069.
                    This should print 
                    1 Color, 2 Panels with Cert Stamp
E-C- -   10231404 E Add "Delete All" Function to Prep/Route tab for Preps
                    Same as other mod, just for corrugated estimates to be consistent.
                    
                    When a user hits the existing "Delete" button next to the Preparations browser on the Prep/Route 
                    tab, they currently get a question, "Delete Currently Selected Record(s)" with a Yes No Option.
                    
                    This mod will make the following changes:
                    1) Change the message to read, "Are you sure you want to delete the selected Prep?"
                    2) Add a check box beneath this message that says "Delete All Preps for this Estimate".  When the
                     user checks this box and hits YES, all preps should be removed from the Estimate and the Prepara
                    tions browser should be empty .  This check box should always default to unchecked when the messa
                    ge is presented.
E-C- -   10231407 E Add new Estimate.  F1 on Customer to show Only Active Customers
                    Click E-C
                    Click Add.
                    F1 on Customer Code.
                    This should exclude Inactive Customers.
                    
                    A-F-1 Cusotmers such as Customer 00005 is Inactive.
                    Customers that are Inactive should ot display on the F1 Lookup.
                    Make sure ALL AutoFind radio button on the F1 in Add mode exclude Inactive Customers.
                    
                    
                    Please note.
                    DO NOT TOUCH the E-C Browser Lookup on Customer.
                    They need to find all customers for History Lookups.
E-C- -   10261011 E Sht Calc Button, F1 on RM Item to Limit Materals to B, P and F
                    Sht Calc Button, F1 on RM Item to Limit Materals to B for board, P or Paper and 1,2,3 and 4 for F
                    oam
                    See Attached.
E-C- -   11111103 E N-K CEDeliveryZone
                    N-K-1 CEDeliveryZone
                    The existing logic to calculate freight uses the carrier, delivery zone and estimates shipping we
                    ight to search the A-F-8 Carrier Freight Matrix by MSF, Pallet or weight per 100 pounds (Wt/100).
                       The carrier file freight rates for that delivery zone is then multiplied by the estimate quant
                    ity for cost estimate and will use the quantity shipped on the bill of lading to calculate the BO
                    L freight cost.  Once the quantity and weight is determined, the freight rate table is used to ca
                    lculate the freight cost.  
                    
                    Character Value = SHIPTO File.   
                    This is the existing logic whereby the devlivery zone from the customer's SHIPTO file is transfer
                    red to the INKS/PACK folder of the esitmate. This is the carrier and zone used to calculate freig
                    ht cost.
                    
                    Character Value = FreightClass.  
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  50

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    When ADDing an estimate, the BOARD code's Freight Class will be transferred to the INKS/PACKS Tab
                     Delivery Zone to calcualte the freight cost.  The software calculates the freight cost based on 
                    carrier, delivery zone and weight. This logic will allow differnt delivery zones (aka freight cla
                    ssifications) for  chipBoard folding cartom such as 55 materials versus corrugated flute material
                     versus Foam such as 65.  Please note, this parameter setting requires the A-F-8 carrier matrix t
                    o have the Freight Classifications defined as Delivery Zones for each Carrier.  For example, the 
                    carrier FEDX will have a delivery of 55 to classify chipboard freight and a delivery zone of 65 f
                    or corrugated materials.
E-C- -   11141107 E Add Vendor Part Number to Farm Folder
                    See Attachment
                    New DB field called Vendor Item# to the Estimate FARM Tab
                       (Use existing Table from FARM Folder)
                    Each Vendor including the blank vendor may have a unique Vendor Item No.
                    
                    Add vendor part number field on the farm tab siimilar to Finished Goods Vend Cost Table.
                    When creating Finished Goods Item, this new field will transfer to the FG item file.
                    The following program must be modified.
                    
                    1) Adding FG item code on Estimate Folder 
                         The program to create the FG item must transfer the new Vendor Item Number
                    2) Adding Order for estimate and program creates FG item 
                         The program to create the FG item must transfer the new Vendor Item Number.
E-C- -   11181004 E New SET logic for Partitions.  (See Estimate 8320
                    New SET logic for Partitions.  New database fields will  automatically calculate Long and Short P
                    artition from the SET SCREEN.   
                    The Set Screen will have new database fields (See Attached).
                    Style Heading with Field next to Width and Length.
                    Board Code with Field next to Width and Length.
                    Number of Cells (Panels,  Inside Cell and Outside Cell Field next to Width and Length. 
                    Forms?  1  This will create two parts with either one form or two forms.
                    The Set Length will add a new blank (Long Partition) with the Length from the Set Length and the 
                    Width from the Set Height.
                    The Set Width will build a Short Partition with the Length from the Set Width and the Width from 
                    the Set Height.
                    The Style File will have the number of Cells (ASI Calls this Panels).
                    So if the Set length is 12 inches and Total Cells is 4 then system will calculate each cell (Pane
                    l) as 3, 3, 3, 3.   (Please note, number of + Signs +1 will be default Total Number of Cells.
                    The first and last cells (Panels) are called the Outside Cell (New Database Field).
                    All the other cells are called Inside Cells, (New Database Field)
                    Estimator may change the Number of Cells, Outside Cell or Inside Cell.
                    For example, Outside may be 2, and inside would be 4.  Thus the panels will be 2,4,4,2 on the SPE
                    C Folder for the Blank Length for the LONG Partition.
                    Estimator can change panels as needed on the SPEC folder of the estimate.
                    
                    
E-C- -   11301001 E Add ASSEMBLED PARTITION to Default Descriptions
                    See Attached.
                    Blank 1 will default to LONG
                    Blank 2 will default to SHORT.
                    
                    Utilitizing multiple sheets will require customer to copy blank and modify GOTO Button and layout
                     screen.
                    
                    
E-C- -   11301002 E Add Assembled Set, Number Up on Length = Qty/Set
                    See Attached.
                    
                    
E-C- -   12031405 E New Browser Logic for Corrugated Estimating
                    Current Behavior:
                    If the user searches for an item and that item is not found:
                    For Example, Search for Customer TacoBell, Style RSC and Part#  Item = Sewa
                    1)  An error message is displayed.
                    2)  All of the search fields are cleared
                    3)  All items are displayed in the browse
                    
                    NEW LOGIC:
                    For Example, Search for Customer TacoBell, Style RSC and Part#  Item = Sewa
                    
                    1) "No Items Found, please update your Search Criteria" 
                    2)  Seach Fields are not Cleared and Remain as entered, 
                         with the cursor active in the field last used
                    3) No estimate records will be Displayed in the Browser 
E-C- -   12081114 E Unitized Assembled Partition Sets to set Case to Form 0-0.
                    When an assembled set is unitized, the freight cost is determined by Form 0-0.
                    However, when adding / saving the set screen, the Case and Pallet information is blank.
                    Transfer the data from Form 1 to Form 0-0.
                    Only when the set is UNITIZED.
                    See Attached.
E-C- -   12091104 E N-K CESample
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  51

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Duplicate Spec Sample Sheet per Attached
                    N-K-1 CESample 
                    Character Value = MultiCell will print attached Sample
                    
                    New Toggle Box on Estimate PRINT folder will allow printing a SPEC Card
                    
                    New Button on PRINT folder.
                    This will print a Spec Sample Page.
                    This button may be used prior to calculation of cost.  Data from SET button, Spec Folder, Layout 
                    Folder and INKS/PACK folder will be used.
E-C- -   12101301 E N-K CEstCalc    New Character Value to Prompt on Purge
                    N-K-1 CEstCalc   Options on PRINT tab when Calculating Estimate
                    See Attached
                    
                    Character Value = Blank   (No Changes to Existing Logic.
                    
                    Character Value = Prompt on Purge 
                    Corruguated estimates when pressing CACULATE button, the option to APPEND or PURGE buttons displa
                    y.  APPEND will retain the existing calculations that appear on the PRINT tab.
                    The PURGE option will delete the existing calculations and display only the newly calculated quan
                    tities.  When Character Value = Prompt on Purge, the program will display popup message:
                    Warning, all existing calculated quantiites will be deleted.   OK  or CANCEL.
                    OK will continue to purge existing and calculte new Quantity.
                    CANCEL will Abort procudure. 
                    
                    
                    
                    DO NOT CHANGE 1 LINE of ESTIMATE Calculation.
                    This is a WARNING prompt Only.
E-C- -   12171002 E N-K CeRunC = Protagon
                    #2 changed to show separate prep codes and misc charges on summary page.  
                    They changed specs a little, Eric went back and forth with Anna and then they changed again after
                     BJ spoke with them, added two hours $300.00 to billable amount.
                    
                    1. Item Name and the quantity per set should print after the Individual part number.
                    2. The steel rule dies (example of a misc charge) should be totaled on the summary sheet with    
                      the die description name?
                         ie. Base $750  (Total by Prep Code if it is a "S" charge only, put header "Totals for Separa
                    te       Charges by Prep Code")
                    3. The Description should be bolded on the quote sheets.
                        (ESP: set N-K-1 CEPRINT = "Consolidate" or "Segment" so it outputs in XPRINT format in      o
                    rder to see the bold.  They need CEPRINT = "Text" so we can't do.  Jeff is ok with this.).
                    4. Eliminate "Overall".
                    5. Format the estimate to print on 1 page ( by taking the overall out)
                    (ESP: N-K-1 CEPRINT = "Consolidate" or "Segment" should help with formatting).
                    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    ------------------------------
                    6. The Misc/Sub tab has only 6 lines to enter costs per form.  Add more lines.
                    (ESP: can't be done with costing a lot.  
                    Jeff said they get around it by placing charges on other forms)
                    7. The farm out section should be changed to work like the Misc/Sub section. ie. Not up to
                         quantities but estimate quantity. (ESP: Training issue?)
                    
                    See Attachments.
E-C- -   12191105 E N-K SETPRINT = McLean  (New Columns for Contribution $ & Machine)
                    See Attached Screen for Estimate 9267 for 25000 Assembled Partitions
                    N-K-1 SETPRINT.   Character Value = McClean
                    N-K-1 CEWHATIF  = Character Value = CM%+Freight  
                             ( New Temp DB fields like N-K-1 CEWhatif Character Value = PerMSF) 
                    New Popup Fields on Sell Price to Show
                      Markup% (Imports from Customer Markup or Control File )
                    New Columns on Whatif Screen 
                    CM$ = Contribution Margin Dollars
                    CMAH = Contribution Margin Assembly Hours (Feed Type A only)
                    CMOH = Contribution Margin Other Labor Hours (Feed Type Not equal to A)
                                      This will be used for pads and other non assembled jobs.
                    First, add new Temp data base fields to store total setup hours, run hours for each machine.
                    We need Assembled Hours totalled vs all other machines total hours.
                    CM$ = Sell Price/M x (est Qty/100) minus Full Cost/M x ( Est Qty/ 1000)
                    CMAH = CM$ divided by Assembly Machine Total Hours 
                                 (Hot Keys E-B-1 Feed Type = A is Assembled Machines)
                    CMAH = CM$ divided by Non Assembly Machine Total Hours 
                    The New Columns will print at the bottom on the estimate in the
                    SET Totals Section of the Print Out.
                    
                    Please note, this must be caculated when pressing the ESTIMATE folder Calculate Button.
                    This must also calculate when changing the Sell Price/M
                    This must also calcualte when changing the Gross Margin %
                    This must also calcualte when changing the Net Margin%.
E-C- -   12211007 E Set Search Button on Set Button
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  52

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    SEARCH Menu.
                    This only searches the items on the estimate browser.
                    Enhance this search by adding Width and Depth so user can search Length, Width and Depth.
                    
                    Also add Toggle Box called SET Only.
                    This will search the Set Fields for a Match of Length, Width and Height, and Style.
                    Set Fields are found on the SET button on the Estimate Folder.
                    If a match is found, the program will display the quote#, quote date, estimate number, customer, 
                    Shipto, quantity and price.  Add Width and Length to this report list.
                    Once a match is found, display all the Parts for this Set.
                    
                    For Example.
                    Type Length = 5 and this will list estimates but this does not currently search the SETS.
E-C-1-   11181308 E Estimating Corrugated -  Add *Wildcard* Search*
                    Click in Item Name at Top of Browser.   This is the field below the FG/Item# / Name field.
                    
                    Add search functionality that will allow user to search items for any text that would be containe
                    d in the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    Search with *..........*   to search item names.
                    
                    For Example.  
                    Search for Box and only a few Items appear.
                    New Logic.
                    Type  *Box*  
                    This will find all records with the characters =  Box in its name.
                    
                    Please Note,
                    Search without the *    *   will continue to search only the 1st letters of the records.
E-C-1-   11181309 E Estimating Corrugated -  Add *Wildcard* Search*
                    Click in Customer Field at  Top of Browser.   Press F1.
                    At Bottom of search, click in Customer Name Field.
                    
                    Add search functionality that will allow user to search items for any text that would be containe
                    d in the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    Search with *..........*   to search.
                    
                    For Example.  
                    Search for Box and only a few Items appear.
                    New Logic.
                    Type  *Box*  
                    This will find all records with the characters = Box 
                    
                    Please Note,
                    Search without the *    *   will continue to search only the 1st letters of the records.
E-C-F-   05171001 E Field sizes need to be smaller
                    I see that you already did this to corrugated and folding so you should just need to deploy them.
E-F- -   01041110 E N-K CERUNF = Fibre
                    See attachment.
                    Hard Copy of the Fibres' estimate to Print 4 more characters from the Inks pack screen on the har
                    d copy of the estimate.  (eb.i-coldscr )
                    
                    Move what prints in the Style/P/N field over to the right by 4 characters and reduce what prints 
                    there by 4 characters to accommodate 4 more characters in the Size/Color column so that the offse
                    t information entered in Inks/Pack can print 4 more characters - see attached.
                    
                    ESP 1/20/2011:  Line up columns. 
E-F- -   01201102 E IMPORT Button to Use Schedule Machine and Routing Machine
                    See ASI Estimate 8473.    This has 3 printing press machines.
                    408-2, 408-4 and 408-6 but all three machines have the same SCHEDULE machine 408 in the machine f
                    ile.    The IMPORT button allows changing the Number of Plates and Number of Fountains for identi
                    cal machines.
                    Since this sees 3 different machines, the fields are not modifable.
                    
                    Change logic to look at either Machine Code or Schedule Machine Code.
                    
                    ESP: First machine is not modifiable even before change since you don't change plates before the 
                    job starts.
                    
                    
                    
E-F- -   03021008 E New Front/Back Field - Ink Folder for Job Tickets to Utilize
                    Add new Database Field in INKS Folder called S for Side.
                    This will be next to the UNIT number.
                    F will mean Front Side
                    B will mean Back Side.
                    Default when adding new estimate or Reset Button will default ot F = Front Side.
                    
                    N-K-1 JobCardF = Colonial and JobCardC = ColonialPL will print the 
                    F or B based on this new field.   
                    The logic to print by Pass will be deleted.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  53

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Pass will Print, however, the Side as F or B will be dictated by the new SIDE field.
                    
                    
                    Please note.
                    Old estimates must be manually updated when running new job tickets.
                    This field will be empty for all existing estimates.
E-F- -   03021011 E New Front/Back Field - Ink Folder for Job Tickets to Utilize (Shared M
                    Add new Database Field in INKS Folder called S for Side.
                    This will be next to the UNIT number.
                    F will mean Front Side
                    B will mean Back Side.
                    Default when adding new estimate or Reset Button will default to F = Front Side.
                    
                    Please note.
                    Old estimates must be manually updated when running new job tickets.
                    This field will be empty for all existing estimates.
E-F- -   03081301 E N-K CeRunF = HOP  Last Job number to print out on estimate
                    Cost Estimate Print Out Change
                    See Attached for Location of Last Job#
                    You will also see at the top of the estimate where I have written in Job #.  
                    Would it be possible to have the job number print out on the estimate once the job has been enter
                    ed and the estimate is reprinted. 
                    
                    The Estimate has the most recent Order Number.
                    The Job Number will be on this Order Number.
                    All Esimate types must be updated.
                    Single Item Estimate Print Out
                    Two Piece Box Estimate Print Out
                    Tandem Estimate Print Out
                    Combination Estimate Print Out
                    
                    
                    Please note, if you typed the estimate number in the J-U-1 File.
                    It is possbile to have many Job Numbers for the Same Estimate.
                    The Job# on the Estimate Print Out will print the Job with the most recent Job Start Date.
                    This will be the highest job number for this estimate.
E-F- -   03121319 E Layer Pads Field to Calculate per Pallet
                    ASI estimate 8294 and 8290 both have the item Layer Pad.
                    Existing Logic on Inks/Pack folder of Estimate
                               A)   Allows defining number of layer pads per carton.
                               B)   Allows defining number of case dividers per carton.
                    This does ot define layer pads per pallet.
                    Prystup needs to calculate Pads and Divider per Pallet
                    
                    MOD Required
                    1)  Change Label Qty to Qty Per
                    2)  New 1 Character Database Field under Qty Per next to Qty  
                          Valid Options are C for Case or P for Pallet.
                    When new Field is a P for Pallet.
                    The finished goods item does not use corrugated cartons, the layer pad and/or divider,
                    (material types = 5 & 6 in the raw materials file).  The estimator will defined the number of lay
                    er pads per pallet.  
                    For Example, The Qty were 5 per Pallet.
                    The Estimate Qty / Pallet Count times Pads per Pallet is the Total Number of Pads.
                    Same Logic for Dividers
                    The Estimate Qty / Pallet Count times Dividers per Pallet is the Total Number of Pads.
                    Qty x Cost = Total Cost
                    
                    All Estimate Printouts must be Modified.
E-F- -   03221102 E New N-K CEPREPPRICE Mark up on Prep charges causes est problems. Needs
                    I am trying something new and I am looking at how we charge for plates and form charges.  Right n
                    ow, we have the prep charges going in as a cost with no markup.  This isn't really accurate as th
                    e cost we have in here includes contribution and is not reflected in the gross margin when viewin
                    g the ?what if? screen.  So I wanted to see what the margins would do if we put in the cost with 
                    a markup and I get a problem.  See screen shots below and associate .pdf?s of estimates.  I have 
                    also included a screen shot of a prep file.
                    
                    ESP: Problem is he set markup at 100%.  Formula being used is prep cost/ (1 - markup% / 100) whic
                    h is dividing by 0 which is invalid.
                    
                    New N-K-1 parameter CEPREPPRICE.  Char value = Profit will use formula stated above.  Char value 
                    = Cost Markup will have the following formula (Cost * markup %) + Cost.  Applies to prep charges 
                    and miscellaneous charges (-mkup).
                    
                    
                    
E-F- -   03261302 E N-K CeRunF = HOP  Toggle Box to Summarize by Form
                    Cost Estimate Print Out Change  -   See Attachments 
                    New Toggle Box for Tandem and Combination Estimate Print Out:
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  54

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Summary of Board needed (all forms added together including waste)
                    Summary of all inks, coating and glue (these are already summarized so they can just be included 
                    on the summary page as is)
                    Summary of corrugated needed
                    Summary of pallets needed
                    Summary of plate charges needed for entire estimate
                    Summary of the machine usage/charges needed for the estimate
                    
                    Grand Total Sheets Regardles of Matching Sheet Size.
                    This will Print Forms 1-99
                    
                    First Size will print with Grand Total MSF and Grand Total Tons.
                    Costs for each Form will Summarize Total Cost.
                    
                    Test ASI Estimate11202 which is a Tandem Estimate
                    
E-F- -   03311006 E ADD TANDEM Button to Auto Calculate Plate and Fountain Changes
                    All the items housed in the master estimate will have identical die number, style, length, width 
                    and depth dimensions.  Essentially, the only difference is the print copy of each box. 
                    The master estimate will have the unique inks for each item as well as normal machine routing and
                     sell price.   
                    
                    To Duplicate Mod
                    Add new order and click the ADD TANDEM button on the View Order.
                    Type Customer HER1000 and type estimate 2512.
                    Select Vanilla, Chocolate and Strawberry.  This will create a new estimate, order and job.
                    The Printing Press will Import the MR and Run Speeds.
                    However, the Plate Change and Fountain Changes for Forms 2 to 99 are zero.
                    Calculate the number of Plate Changes only equal to the number of INKS on the INK Folder.
                    Do not compare the ink codes from one from to the next form.
                    
                    Please note, when adding a new item to an order, the new item is added to the estimate defined on
                     the order.  When the routing is added for this item the plate changes must also be added to the 
                    new item and the standards rebuilt to recalc the cost.
                    
                    Even if INK CODE is identical, the plate may still need to be changed.
                    
                    
E-F- -   04071109 E New N-K CEPREPPRICE Mark up on Prep charges causes est problems. Needs
                    I am trying something new and I am looking at how we charge for plates and form charges.  Right n
                    ow, we have the prep charges going in as a cost with no markup.  This isn't really accurate as th
                    e cost we have in here includes contribution and is not reflected in the gross margin when viewin
                    g the 'what if? screen.  So I wanted to see what the margins would do if we put in the cost with 
                    a markup and I get a problem.  See screen shots below and associate .pdf?s of estimates.  I have 
                    also included a screen shot of a prep file.
                    
                    ESP: Problem is he set markup at 100%.  Formula being used is prep cost/ (1 - markup% / 100) whic
                    h is dividing by 0 which is invalid.
                    
                    N-K-1 parameter CEPREPPRICE.  
                    
                    Char value = Profit will use formula being used is prep cost/ (1 - markup% / 100) 
                    In other words, this calculates a true profit based on cost.
                    For example, a Cost of $90 with a 10% markup will equal $100 Sell Price.
                    
                    Char value = Cost Markup will have the following formula (Cost * markup %) + Cost.  
                    In other words, this is a markup over cost. 
                    For example, a Cost of $90 with a 10% markup will equal $99 Sell Price.
                    
                    
                    
                    
E-F- -   07031403 E C Flute Shrink% / Take Up % on Estimate Layout Tab / BOM Button
                    Folding Estimates = Layout Tab = BOM Button.
                    See Attached.
                    Add new FLUTE = C  to change the logic to calculate the Medium Length.
                    C Flute will use a Takeup Factor of 1.4507 which is multiplied by the Sheet Length.
                    
                    The middle / medium board is Board Length x 1.4507.
E-F- -   08071203 E N-K CERUNF = ASI - Add FG item to estimate after part #.
                    Add FG Item # to the estimate print out for CERUNF = ASI underneath any other information in the 
                    Description column as depicted in the attached.
                    This must be added to Single, Tandem, Set, and Combo outputs.
E-F- -   08291405 E Excel Icon to E-F
                    Excel Icon on E-F  Broswer  See Attached.
                    
                    Add new Available Fields to Select
                    
                    1)  1st ID      (This will pull the field called Created By)
                    2)  Last ID   ( This will pull the field called Modified By) 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  55

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
E-F- -   09071008 E Ability to delete notes, by department
                    Need a way to delete notes by department instead of having to delete them one note at a time.
                    When an estimate has 30 forms, and they wish to delete the "PR" dep note of off each form, they n
                    ow have to delete 30 times.  
                    Mod
                    Add new Delete Notes button on browser.  When clicking the delete button, the system would come u
                    p with all departements that have notes on that estimate.  Checking the "PR" note box would delet
                    e all "PR" notes for all forms on that estimate.  Max of 40 check boxes possible.
                    
                    This will also have one button to delete all notes. Folding and Corrugated.
E-F- -   10041305 E Add a fifth decimal place for searching
                    Folding Carton Estimating
                    Click E-F
                    Search Fields at the Top of screen only support 4 decimals.
                    Expand to 5 decimal posititions.
E-F- -   10211411 E WildCard Search on AUTOFIND options in Folding Estimates
                    Add   *WildCard* Search to All AutoFind Options.
                    F1on the Estimate Browser does not.
                    Click E-F Folding Estimate.
                    
                    1)  Etc.  Add to All F1 Lookups on Estimate Browser.
                          For Example.
                    a  Press F1 on Style,  Click Autofind by Name.  Type *Tray*   this finds nothing.
                          Under Click E-B-2  Folding Carton Styles  *WildCard* search for Style Description on the   
                                Auto Find Box was added and works perfectly.
                          For example, type *Tray*   this finds all styles with Tray in the Description.
                    b)   Likewise.  Click SPEC Tab.  Click F1 on Style.  Click Autofind by Name.  Type *Tray*
                           Move logic from E-B-2 to Speck Tab Style File.
                    c)  F1 on Estimate#.   Click AutoFind by Customer Name.  Type *Food*
                         This should find Hershey Foods.
                          Add This to All Auto Finds.
                    d)  F1 on Customer Part#
                    e) F1 on FG Item.
                    
                    Etc.   Do All F1 on on Fields.
                    
                    
                    
                    
E-F- -   10231402 E Add "Delete All" Function to Prep/Route tab for Preps
                    When a user hits the existing "Delete" button next to the Preparations browser on the Prep/Route 
                    tab, they currently get a question, "Delete Currently Selected Record(s)" with a Yes No Option.
                    
                    This mod will make the following changes:
                    1) Change the message to read, "Are you sure you want to delete the selected Prep?"
                    2) Add a check box beneath this message that says "Delete All Preps for this Estimate".  When the
                     user checks this box and hits YES, all preps should be removed from the Estimate and the Prepara
                    tions browser should be empty .  This check box should always default to unchecked when the messa
                    ge is presented.
E-F- -   10231408 E Add new Estimate.  F1 on Customer to show Only Active Customers
                    Click E-F
                    Click Add.
                    F1 on Customer Code.
                    This should exclude Inactive Customers.
                    
                    A-F-1 Cusotmers such as Customer 00005 is Inactive.
                    Customers that are Inactive should ot display on the F1 Lookup.
                    
                    Make sure ALL AutoFind radio button on the F1 in Add mode exclude Inactive Customers.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    Please note.
                    DO NOT TOUCH the E-F Browser Lookup.
                    They need to find all customers for History Lookups.
E-F- -   10251207 E Activate MiscFields option for Altamax
E-F- -   11081306 E Add Excel Icon to E-F
                    Add Excel Icon on E-F   Cost Estimate to Print By Customer Part Number.
                    User can select what fields from all the Estimate Tabs.
                    The Output will print by S-B, Cust Part#
                    For each Sheet / Blank / Customer Part#, Print a Separate Line
                    User can then select what fields to print and print in what Order.
                    For Example,
                    Est#,  S, B, Cust Part#,  FG Item#,  Item Name,  Style, Length, Width, Depth,  Case W, D, L   etc
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  56

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    .
                    
                    
                    Once Fields are selected, they must be saved b User ID.
                    When User returns to Output to Excel the fields that were selected last time report ran should be
                     preselected.  Therefore ASI may select fields that will be different then user JOE that may sele
                    ct different fields.
                    
                    
                    The Customer wants a report by Item listing the Case and Case Size.
                    So they can select the fields from the Spec Tab and Inks/Pack Tab.
                    Custom Part#, Item Name, Case Code,  Case Width, Case Length and Case Depth
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
E-F- -   11121006 E Machine browser secondary sort by form/blank
                    EF and EC
E-F- -   11121007 E Meetings with BJ, etc.
E-F- -   12031406 E New Browser Logic for Folding Estimating
                    Current Behavior:
                    If the user searches for an item and that item is not found:
                    For Example, Search for Customer TacoBell, Style RT and Part#  Item = Sewa
                    1)  An error message is displayed.
                    2)  All of the search fields are cleared
                    3)  All items are displayed in the browse
                    
                    NEW LOGIC:
                    For Example, Search for Customer TacoBell, Style RT and Part#  Item = Sewa
                    
                    1) "No Items Found, please update your Search Criteria" 
                    2)  Seach Fields are not Cleared and Remain as entered, 
                         with the cursor active in the field last used
                    3) No estimate records will be Displayed in the Browser 
E-F-1-   11181307 E Estimating Folding -  Add *Wildcard* Search*
                    Click in Item Name at Top of Browser.   This is the field below the FG/Item# / Name field.
                    
                    Add search functionality that will allow user to search items for any text that would be containe
                    d in the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    Search with *..........*   to search item names.
                    
                    For Example.  
                    Search for Box and only a few Items appear.
                    New Logic.
                    Type  *Box*  
                    This will find all records with the characters =  Box
                    
                    Please Note,
                    Search without the *    *   will continue to search only the 1st letters of the records.
E-F-1-   11181310 E Estimating Folding -  Add *Wildcard* Search*
                    Click in Customer Field at  Top of Browser.   Press F1.
                    At Bottom of search, click in Customer Name Field.
                    
                    Add search functionality that will allow user to search items for any text that would be containe
                    d in the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    Search with *..........*   to search.
                    
                    For Example.  
                    Search for Box and only a few Items appear.
                    New Logic.
                    Type  *Box*  
                    This will find all records with the characters = Box 
                    
                    Please Note,
                    Search without the *    *   will continue to search only the 1st letters of the records.
E-G- -   03181401 E Global Price change by Board Code
                    See Attached.  
                    Add Print Selection Range  From Board Code __________   To Board Code  __________   
                    When  
                    From Board Code __________   To Board Code  zzzzzzzzzz
                    Then the existing logic will be used and Search by Board Code will be Ignored.
                    
                    MOD
                    When Specific Board Codes are Used.   
                    For Example,  From Board Code  200 C      To Board Code  200 C
                    This will find the estimate number on the Quote, then find the board codes on the estimate.
                    Updating Quote must match this Board Code and all other selections and toggle boxes.
                    
                    Please note    Increase by BOARD Concern.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  57

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Set has 1 200B RSC, 3 Length Partitions of 200C and 5 Width Partitions of ECT32.
                    If 200B increased 8%, 200C 9% and ECT32 10%.
                    Normally, price increase is done 1 time for perhaps by 9.5%.
                    So if quote was $500 per 1000 the New Price is $546 
                    However, if the Global price is done 3 times for 8%,9% & 10%, the Quote increases 27%
                    If you run this 3 times.  Sell Price is $663.58    $546 vs $663 is the Issue
                    User should not Run Multiple Times on Same Estimate.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
E-G- -   10171203 E Global Price change by Unit of Measure  (Shared Mod)
                    Rounding to the BUCK for sell prices defined per Each results in undesired results.
                    For example, round any sell price from .01 to .90 will result in new Sell Price of $1.00.
                    Thus rounding up to next dollar should not be used.
                    
                    New Toggle Box so both updates will occur simultaneously.
                    Round UOM = EA .
                    Round Up to ____ Penny     __X__ Dime   ______ Buck
                    
                    Existing Toggle will be used for all other Unit of Measures
                    Round UOM = M, LOT, CASE, MSF
                    Round Up to ____ Penny     _____ Dime   ____X__ Buck
                    
                    For Example, the current Logic when Rounding by Dollar
                    The Rounding Method will round up to the nearest Penny, Dime or Buck.
                    10% increase on $255 /M, round to PENNY, new sell price would =$280.50
                    10% increase on $255 /M, round to DIME, new sell price would = $280.50 
                    10% increase on $255 /M, round to BUCK, new sell price would = $281.00
                    10% increase on .255 EA, round to PENNY, new sell price would =.2805 = $.29
                    10% increase on .255 EA, round to DIME, new sell price would = $.30   
                    The Above are perfect.
                    However,
                    10% increase on .255 EA, round to BUCK, new sell price would = $1.00
                    
                    
E-G- -   10241202 E Global Price Change - new radio option - no rounding
                    New option added to "Round To" radio buttons = "No Rounding".
                    New prices will retain all decimal places after the price change % is applied.  
                    For example, an old price of 0.12 with a 10% increase will result in a new price of 0.132 and wil
                    l not be rounded.
                    
                    Existing rounding should remain the same:
                    To the penny would be 0.14
                    To the dime would be 0.20
                    To the buck would be 1.00
                    
                    
E-K- -   09101404 E Kopy Estimate - New Toggle Boxes for Name and Descriptions
                    See Attached.
                    Add new Toggle Boxes
                    
                    ___  Copy Item Name
                    ___  Copy Item Description 1
                    ___  Copy Item Description 2
                    
                    
E-K- -   09121414 E Kopy Estimate - New Toggle Boxes for Shipto & Sales Rep
                    See Attached.
                    Add new Toggle Boxes
                    
                    ___  New Ship To: 
                    ___  New Rep:
                    
                    Both will default from the exising estimate.
                    If a new customer is typed, the customer Rep will import to the E-Kopy Program.
                    If a new Shipto is saved, the Rep from the Ship will import to the E-Kopy Program.
                    Unless shipto rep is blank, then the customer rep will import.
                    Estimator can overwrite the Sales Rep on the E-Kopy Program.
                    
                    When Done.
                    Data on the E-Kopy screen will transfer to the New Estimate..
                    
E-Q- -   01161202 E E-Q Updating Price List.
                    E-Q, Click ADD Button.
                    Enter Customer Bill-To, etc. and click SAVE Button
                    Window Displays FG items to select "All items" from the pop-up.  
                    Items Selected will be downloaded to the QUOTE File.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  58

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    The FG Items will import the last invoiced quantity and price for the items selected.
                    Premier wants to be able to update the Quantity and Price fields (see attachment).  
                    PRINT PRICE LIST button to button to generate a quote.  
                    
                    ASI Response
                    Quantity FOLDER allows changing the Price and Quantity.
                    The attachment is a browser and only shows 1 Quantity per Item.
                    The QUANTITY folder allows adding changing and updating multiple quantities.
E-Q- -   01251002 E N-K QuoPrint = Fibre-Excel
                    Changes to Fibre-Excel Quote:
                    1.	Change all blue borders to black.
                    2.	Add vertical line between "Terms"  and "FOB".
                    3.	Add new column "Extended Amount".
                    4.	Components of a set must print.
                    5.	Tooling note must print.
                    6.	New hard-coded info at the bottom of quote. 
                    ?	Quote Prepared By: _____________________ (CSR will manually fill info on this line)
                    ?	Quote Valid for 30 Days
                    ?	Center the following info at very bottom of quote.
                    o	15250 Don Julian Road, City of Industry, CA 91745
                    o	Phone (626) 968-8503 Fax (626) 330-0870
                    o	www.fleetwood-fibre.com
E-Q- -   01251003 E N-K QUOPRINT = FIBREX.  (See Attached)
                    Changes to Regular Quote:
                    1.	Center titles as indicated on sample.
                    2.	Decrease column size for "Releases" and "UOM".
                    3.	Add new column "Extended Amount" (See cec\quote\quofib-xl.i for calculation)
                    4.	Add hard-coded note at bottom "Quote Valid for 30 Days".
E-Q- -   02111101 E N-K QuoPrint = PremierX
                    See attached ASI Quote# 1326
                    The Esimate has Prep charge = S for billable, which transfers to the quote.
                    The current Premier Quote quote form will print the Die Charge once for each quantity.
                    
                    Copy logic for printing the PREP Charges from N-Q-1 Century quote form so the Prep Charge prints 
                    only once.  See Attached.      
                    Do not change the logic for MISC charges.
                    
                    The PremierX prints the MISC Charges Correctly.
                    The Century quote prints the PREP charges Correctly.
E-Q- -   02221101 E N-K QUOPRINT = MWFIBRE  New Quote Form  (Copy Midwest)
                    Create new form called N-K-1 QUOPRINT = MWFIBRE  
                    Copy the existing form N-K-1 QuoPrint = Midwest
                    
                    1) Insert company logo top left of form (same as on PO form NK POPRINT = MWFIBRE)
                         When Logical Value = NO, this should print Logo.   
                    2) Remove Quote# from column heading "Est#/Quote#".
                    3) Remove Description from column heading "Part#/Description"
                    4) Put a dollar sign in for any additional prep material.   
                         Please note, the logic for Prep Charges should be copied from N-K-1 QuoPrint = Century
                    5)  Remove "Necessary printing plates and cutting dies to be furnished  by customer".
                    
                    Note: See attached sample.
E-Q- -   03051313 E N-K QuoPrint = Hughes (Copy Xprint)
                    Copy Xprint and rename it Hughes.
                    Also, add Hughes logo to it.
                    See Attached for logo.
E-Q- -   03181007 E N-K QUOPRINT = Fibre-Excel
                    1)  Remove "Quote #" field from top right hand corner.
                    2)  Add Quote # field to print under "Estimate" field & change heading to read: Estimate/Quote.
                    3)  We need the far right hand column to be right justified when it prints out.
                    4)  We need space between each item on the quote.
                    
E-Q- -   03281101 E N-K QUOPRINT = LoyLang  (Copy FibreX to create new quote form)
                    Customer needs changes on the FibreX quote form.
                    Note:   Please see attached file for changes.
                    1)  Add Loy Lange Logo with Address 
                    2)  Remove the Address that prints from Customer File.
                    2)  Add Email Block under Top Right Block
                    3)  Part#  Block should be 15 Characters
                    4)  Description Block should be 25-30 characters 
                    5)  Remove Column on far Right called Extended
                    6)  Move Shipto and Billto up closer to Logo under Address.
                    7)  Change Notes to print under LAST LINE.
                    
E-Q- -   04191201 E N-K QUOPRINT = Soule  (Print Board Estimate Description
                    See Attached For All Changes to N-K-1 QuoPrint = Soule
                    
                    M-F-1 Raw materials file 3 description lines.
                    Item Name
                    Item Description 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  59

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Estimate Description.
                    
                    When printing Quotes for any estimate, the board material this is printing the Item Name.
                    Replace the item name description with the Estimate Description.
                    Quote 1554 should print 275 C Estimate Board in place of 275 Sheets.
                    
                    FG Set Items ASI Estimate 9368
                    When customer checked the toggle box "Print Components.
                    Replace the Board descripition with the Estimate Board Descripiton under the Component.
                    For Quote 1555 this would replace the description Chip with the attached
                     Chipboard  Est Desc.
                    
                    Change the Column Heading Item\Style\Colors\Board to 
                    Item Description.
E-Q- -   04271202 E N-K QUOPRINT = LoyLangBSF  (Copy LoyLang)
                    N-K-QuoPrint = LoyLangBSF  (This is a Quote Form Change Only)
                    This will be added to the View Form by unique customer.
                    When Customer is on View Form and character value = LoyLangBSF and 
                    Finished Goods Product Category = PADS THEN.
                    The Sell Price and UOM on the Quote will be replaced by Sell Price and UOM per BSF
                    BSF = Blank Square Feet.
                    
                    Price per Board Square Foot is calculated as
                    Selling Price / Blank Square Feet. Blank SF = 4.401   (Spec Folder Blank Square Feet)
                    This is found in the Spec Folder for quotes and I-F-1 Totals Folder for invoicing.
                    
                    Quote File will house the price per each.  The Quote form Form will print the Sell Price per BSF 
                    in place of the Selling Price on the Quote Form.  Only EA and M will be Converted to BSF.
                    Sell Price per BSF = Items Sell Price /divided by Blank Square Feet.   
                    
                    Sell Price per M = 
                    ((Sell Price Ea x Qty / (Qty/1000)  / Blank Square Ft)
                    
                    For Example: 
                    Sell Price of $1354.14 / 4.401 = $307.69 
                    Sell Price of $1.35414 x 5000 / (5000/1000) / 4.401 = $307.97
E-Q- -   05091305 E N-K QUOPRINT = CENTURY (Modify hard coded text).
                    Can you give me a quote to modify hard coded text on our quote sheet. 
                    
                    Need this section changed from this:
                    *Due to the volatility of raw material markets, this quotation is valid 30 days from date of issu
                    ance. All quotations and contracts are contingent upon strikes, fires,
                    accidents or other causes beyond our control. All quantities are subject to industry standard ove
                    rrun / under run of up to 10%. Order quantities below 20,000 are
                    subject to overrun / under run up to 20%.
                    
                    To this:
                    *Due to the volatility of raw material markets, this quotation is valid 30 days from date of issu
                    ance. All quotations and contracts are contingent upon strikes, fires,
                    accidents or other causes beyond our control. All quantities are subject to industry standard ove
                    rrun / under run of up to 10%. Order quantities of 20,000 and below are
                    subject to overrun / under run up to 20%.
E-Q- -   05131105 E N-K QuoPrint = Peachtree (Copy Xprint)
                    See Attachment
                    Reprint Quote 1261 which is estiamte 8959 as ASI example
                    1.  Add Peachtrees Logo  
                         Replace the logic where Logical Value = Yes prints from Customer Status Type X
                    2.  Estimate Inks/pack tab has a field called Color Description Field.
                         This curently print on the existing quote form ,
                          Replace this i-color descriipton field with the follwing logic.
                          Hard Copy Print the Word COLORS:  999
                          The number of colors will transfer from the INKS / PACK Folder for each Item. 
                    
E-Q- -   05141005 E N-K QUOPRINT = FIBREX (Fibrex only)
                    Customer requests to be able to print 4 characters after the decimal (see attached).
                    Show five decimal places only when the price is each.  Get rid of negative sign in format.
E-Q- -   06151012 E Expand the Brower on quote form to show 4 decimal places on price fiel
E-Q- -   06181201 E Quote File Price Matrix Update -  New Toggle Box
                    Quote File   "Update Price Matrix" Button.    
                    See attachment for sample.
                    Two New Toggle Boxes:   Transfer Quote Qty  ___      Transfer Quote Qty minus 1  ___  
                    Current Logic transfers exact Quantity.   Transfer Quote Qty  ___
                    For example    Quote quantities are 
                    $2.00   for Qty   300          is transferred as $2.00   for 300 to price matrix
                    $1.75   for Qty   500          is transferred as $1.75   for 500 to price matrix
                    $1.50   for Qty   1000        is transferred as $1.50   for 1000 to price matrix
                    $1.25   for Qty   5000        is transferred as $1.25   for 5000 to price matrix
                    Plus  $1.25 for      999999  is created. 
                    
                    New Toggle Transfer Quote Qty minus 1 would work as follows:
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  60

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    $2.00   for Qty   300   is transferred as $  0.00 as Qty  = 299 to price matrix
                    $2.00   for Qty   300   is transferred as $  2.00 as Qty  = 499 to price matrix
                    $1.75   for Qty   500   is transferred as $  1.75 as Qty  = 999 to price matrix
                    $1.50   for Qty   1000 is transferred as $  1.50 as Qty  = 4999 to price matrix
                    $1.25   for Qty   5000 is transferred as $  1.25 as Qty  = 9999999 to price matrix
                    
                    This makes the order entry import the sell price up to the next quantity break less 1 box.
                    If they order less than 300 the sell price = ZERO
E-Q- -   06191401 E Add Quote for TACOBELL  not saving Header Record
                    See Attached.
                    Click E-Q
                    Click + Icon to Add new Quote.
                    Add  Customer TACOBELL.
                    Save without IMPORTING Any FG Items.
                    Next, click ADD Button on Bottom of Screen.
                    
                    When adding FG item to the Bottom of the Quote.
                    Add  Two Toggle Box.
                    IMPORT INVOICED ITEMS?   (With Invoice Pricing, this is existing Logic)
                    or 
                    IMPORT FINISHED GOODS
                    This must be for all FG items with this Customer Code
                    Plus  all Stock Items with the Customer X (STOCK Customer)     
                    
                    Priority for Importing Selling Price from OF3 By Effective Date to the  Quote Quantity Tab.
                    1) OF3 - FG Item and Matching Customer Code.
                    2) OF3 - FG item for Matching Customer Type       (ie.  TacoBell = House)
                    3) OF3 - FG Item
                    4) FG Items Sales Price from I-F-1
E-Q- -   06271202 E N-K QUOPRINT=Premier-EXCEL  (Copy CSC-Excel)
                    Copy CEC-EXCEL.
                    Change Logo to premier logo that is on their current Quoprint = Premier
                    
                    Modify Add Quote# to first column below Est#
                    If mulitple Quote#s are printed, have top Quote number say "See Below"
                    
                    
                    Also, added Marroon Headings or Logo ????
E-Q- -   07011403 E N-K Quoprint = CCC-Excel (New format)
                    N-K QUOPRINT = CCC-Excel
                    See attached for rough design.
                    
                    This quote is needed in Excel so that it can be editted once printed to screen.
                    Quote form will be for *1ST ITEM ONLY*.  Because of the format, there can be only one Item on the
                     Quote form.  3C understands this and is almost never quoting more than one item.
                    
                    Additional specs:
                    1)	Add QUOTATION (16pt Font) to top and centered
                    2)	Reduce 3C! Logo and move to left.
                    3)	Add 3C! address and phone numbers. Would like to have it about 6pt Font. Possibly under 3C! lo
                    go.
                    4)	Add ISO and Pantone certification logos to right of 3C! Logo
                    5)	Take out Sales from top of form and move to bottom
                    6)	10 quantities for pricing ? OK
                    7)	Take out 3 spots for extra charges. Need 4.
                    8)	Add line on bottom for Customer Acceptance Signature ?BOLD 6pt Font
                    9)	Add line on bottom for Sales Rep with THANK YOU FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION above the line ? BOLD 6
                    pt Font
                    10)	Add ?legal? line on the bottom as a footer stating: THIS QUOTE AND STATED PAYMENT TERMS ARE S
                    UBJECT TO CHANGE BASED UPON FINAL SPECIFICATION AND CREDIT APPROVAL. QUOTES VALID 30 DAYS FROM QU
                    OTE DATE. ? 6pt Font.
                    11)	Increase all Fonts to 8pt within the Ship to, Sold to, Item, Description Product Specificatio
                    n, Additional Charges, etc?
E-Q- -   07141105 E N-K QuoPrint = StClair   (Copy Xprint30)   See Attached Changes
                    Copy Xprint30    
                    1)  Add St Clair Logo
                    2)  Add Email from the contact in the customer file that under the Phone Icon.
                          Under Ecodes file, find the program R-QuoPrt.   Click Customer Folder.
                          The 1st Contact for the customer will be the email that will print in this block.
                    3)   Add Toggle Box on Print Selection Screen to Print
                           Est Item Name?  When Yes, this will print from the Estimate Spec field Item Name.
                           Est Description 1?  When Yes, this will print from the Estimate Spec field Item Descriptio
                    n.
                           FG Description 2?   When Yes, this will print from the F.G Item File Description 3.
                           FG Description 3?  When Yes, this will print from the F.G Item File Description 4.
                           If the FG Item code does not exist, then FG descriptions will not print.
                    4)  Replace Over/Under Column with Print Phone# 
                          This will print the Sales Rep Phone Number (new db field in A-F-3 File
                           Find Sales Rep on the Quote.  Find FOUNTAIN PEN ICON Title = Phone#..
                           Then print the text in the notes section.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  61

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    5)  Change Cust Part#/Description Column to Cust Part# / Item#
                          Remove all other fields and print only Customer Part# ad FG Item Code
                    6)  Sell Price - Expand to 4 decimals form quote file.
                    7)  Quanttity for UOM = CS
                         When Sell Price is CS,  divide the Quantity by Count on Inks/Packs folder.
                    8)  Print Shipto Phone Number in Shipto Area.  Pull this from A-F-1 SHipto Folder.
E-Q- -   07141106 E N-K QuoSheet = StClair   (Copy Xprint)   See Attached Changes
                    Copy Xprint30
                    1)  Add St Clair Logo
                    2)  Change Sales Rep / Email Column to Sales Rep / Phone
                          Phone will pull from new Phone Field in A-F-3 file.
                    3)   Add Toggle Box on Print Selection Screen to Print
                           Est Item Name?  When Yes, this will print from the Estimate Spec field Item Name.
                           Est Description 1?  When Yes, this will print from the Estimate Spec field Item Descriptio
                    n.
                           FG Description 2?   When Yes, this will print from the F.G Item File Description 3.
                           FG Description 3?  When Yes, this will print from the F.G Item File Description 4.
                           If the FG Item code does not exist, then FG descriptions will not print.
                    4)   Change FOB column heading to Terms
                    5)  Change Cust Part#/Description Column to Cust Part# / Item#
                          Remove all other fields and print only Customer Part# ad FG Item Code
                    6)  Sell Price - Expand to 4 decimals form quote file.
                    7)  Quanttity for UOM = CS
                         When Sell Price is CS,  divide the Quantity by Count on Inks/Packs folder.
                    8)  Print Shipto Phone Number in Shipto Area.  Pull this from A-F-1 SHipto Folder.
                    9)  New Toggle Box Button to Change Quantity for all Items on Quote.
                          Prompt Min Order Qty ?   
                    10)  Change Bottom Comments.  Remove all lines.
                            Import Notes from Notes Button.   
                            Last Line will remain but remove Subject to Change without Notice.
E-Q- -   08091108 E N-K QUOPRINT = StClair
                    Need additional toggle box on parameter screen for "FG Description 1" and need this to print when
                     selected - see attachment.
                    
                    Original Mod was to print description lines
                    Change Toggle Box on Print Selection Screen to Print
                        Est / FG  Item Name?      When Yes, this will print from the Estimate Spec field Item Name.
                                                                 Or this will print from FG Item File Item Name.
                         Est / FG Description 1?  When Yes, this will print from the Estimate Spec Field Item        
                                                            Description if estimate exists otherwise this will print 
                    from the FG IItem Desc 1
                    For example.
                    See Quote 1432 for FG item 8x8x8
                    See Attached.
E-Q- -   08181401 E N-K QuoPrint =  Axis - (Copy NK1 QuoPrint = MidWest)
                    Create new Form = N-K-1 QuoPrint = Axix               Copy N-K-1 QuoPrint = MidWest
                    Replace the Box Dimensions that print on the form with fractions.
                    The existing Decimal will be replaced with a hyphen.
                    For example,  14.01x  10.08 x 12.25   will print as 14-1/16 x 10-1/2 x 12-1/4 
                    Quote does not include changing Columns Size.
                    Currently the dimensions 1/16ths.
                    .01 = .0625 will print  as 1/16
                    .02 = .125    will print as 1/8
                    .03 = .1875 will print  as 3/16
                    .04 = .25    will print as 1/4
                    .05 = .3125 will print  as 5/16
                    .06 = .375    will print as 3/8
                    .07 = .4375 will print  as 7/16
                    .08 = .50    will print as 1/2
                    .09 = .5625 will print  as 9/16
                    .10 = .625    will print as 5/8
                    .11 = .6875 will print  as 11/16
                    .12 = .75    will print as 3/4
                    .13 = .8125 will print  as 1316
                    .14 = .875    will print as 7/8
                    .15 = .9375 will print  as 15/16
E-Q- -   08311202 E N-K QuoPrint = OKLAHOMA    (Copy Xprint)   (30 Hours Part of Contract)
                    See ASI Quote 1665 for Assemble Partition Estimate 9862 
                    
                    1)  Copy Xprint and name Oklahoma
                    2)  Put Oklahoma Log on Top Left
                    3)  Print Box Design to Print both Images on One Page.
                          Check the toggle box "Print Box Designs"
                          Maximum of TWO box images.  One for the Length and One for the Width
                    
                    Please discuss size of image when printed with John.
                    
                    See attachments for additional changes:
                    4) Remove Est# from first column and move Quote# up
                    5) Remove Description lines from the second column.  Only "Part#" should appear here.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  62

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    6) Change 3rd column header to "Description".  In this column, use the "Long Strip:" "Short Strip
                    " description as it appears on the MulticellGA Job ticket.
                    7) Remove the release Column and Move Quantity over to make room for large Description Column
E-Q- -   09201203 E N-K QUOPRINT = ACCORD (Copy Concepts)
                    Amy would like their logo on the concepts quote form.  Copy concepts form and resize new logo.
                    
                    Logo sample attached to task.
E-Q- -   10011408 E Update Quote Prep Charges on Misc Tab to update Estimate Prep Tab
                    The Order pulls the MISC cost, quantity, sell price etc from the Estimates PREP Tab.
                    If the quote MISC tab is changed,
                    Then the Quote cost and price does not match the Estimate.
                    Since the Order imports the Estimate data there is a mismatch.
                    
                    ASI Solution.
                    Quote Misc SAVE button 
                    Search for matching S/B and Prep Code.
                    If estimate matches the Quotes S/B and Prep Code,
                    then SAVE button will write the Cost, Markup, Sell Price and Amotization back to Estimate Prep
                    fields. 
                    
                    
                          
                    
                    
E-Q- -   10021301 E N-K QuoPrint = Sultana (Copy Soule)
                    See Attachments
                    1.  Copy Soule's Quote Form and change it to Sultana.
                    2.  We would like the specs of the box to be printed plus the adderson the quote as per Century F
                    orm (Second page of Attachment)
                    3.  On the Visit out website line change the website address to www.sultanapackaging.com
                    4.  Under The Customer Acceptance Part change the company name to Sultana Packaging.
                    5.  Change the address at the bottom to be Sultana's address' phone number, and website instead o
                    f Soules.
                    Calle Antigua a Tecate #9100 Int. 16 y 18, La Campia
                    Tijuana, B.C.   C.P. 22225
                    Oficina: 622-8862, 63 y 64
                    Website: www.sultanapackaging.com
                    6. Convert font in body of Quote to match that in the Century format.
                    7.  Center Sultana image in the area in the top left between the left of the page and the informa
                    tion box on the right.
                    8.- Change max inventory to 30 days. (Attaching image)
                    9.- Quote Authorization Section. (Attaching image)
                    
E-Q- -   10131001 E N-K QuoPrint = Fibre-Excel  -  Add Release Column after Quantity
                    Add Release Column after Quantity field.
                    Original CSC-Excel form was used as sample with mods marked up (See Attached)
                    N-K-1 QuoPrint =  XPRINT has a field called REL.
                    Insert this field after the Quantity Column.
                    
                    
                    Truncate the Description field to add space needed for the 5 additon characters.
E-Q- -   10131103 E New COPY Button on Quote Notes Folder (Shared Mod
                    New COPY button on the quotes NOTES folder.
                    This will have range 
                    FROM Customer __________   TO Customer _____________
                    FROM Quote       __________    TO  Quote       _____________
                    
                    
                    This was done with PackRite Mod.
E-Q- -   10151002 E N-K QuoPrint = Soule    New Quote Form (Copy AllWest)
                    See Attached Forms for new Xprint Format.
                    Copy AllWest format from N-K-1 QuoPrint and Create new quote form named Soule
                    Modify the N-K-1 Character Value F1 Lookup to Show Soule
                    Make Changes to new Form per attached.
                    Everything that is highlighted in yellow should be bold. 
                    Website is www.soulepackaging.com  (please make this extra bold and big)
                    Blanket orders will not exceed 90 days. Product will be invoiced and delivered after the 90 day p
                    eriod.  Move the paragraph up and leave a space between that and the ?signature box? on the botto
                    m.   Also, everything highlighted needs to be in bold, please.
                    ** For the Medical company, we want everything the same except the website is:  www.soulemedical.
                    com 
                    Also, the Office # is: 813-907-6051 and the Fax # is: 813-907-6092
                    New Logos for new Invoices are on ASI service..
                    PLEASE NOTE,  You must discuss programming with Eric Panchenko from ASI.
                    
                    Finish mods from task 10151002:
                    1) Add "Blanket orders will not exceed 90 days. Product will be invoiced and delivered after
                         the 90 day period." to print with the notes above the "Customer Acceptance:" box.
                    2) There should be an additional space above the "Customer Acceptance:" box.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  63

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Additional Mods:
                    1) Make the logo, address, phone#, fax#, and Website bolder.  (see attachment).
                    2) Add "Estimate #" and "Quote #" in top, right corner.
                    3) Do not leave a blank line if there is only one line of address.
                    4) Remove "Est#/Qt#" column.
                    5) Fix Over/Under so it fits in the box.
                    6) Right-align release quantities.
                    7) In notes above "Customer Acceptance:" box, above "Visit our Website...." add the
                            following 2 lines:
                           * All item quantities are subject to an over/underrun of 10%.
                           * Inventory for items will not exceed 90 days.
E-Q- -   10181001 E N-K QuoPrint = SouleMed    New Quote Form (Copy AllWest)
                    Once quote for Soule is finished, copy and make another quote called SouleMed.
                    
                    ** For the Medical company, we want everything the same except the website is:  www.soulemedical.
                    com 
                    Change phone number of Office # is: 813-907-6051 and the Fax # is: 813-907-6092
                    
                    New Logos for new Invoices are on ASI service..
                    PLEASE NOTE,  You must discuss programming with Eric Panchenko from ASI.
E-Q- -   10191101 E New COPY Button on Quote Notes Folder
                    New COPY button on the quotes NOTES folder.
                    This will have range 
                    FROM Customer __________   TO Customer _____________
                    FROM Quote       __________    TO  Quote       _____________
                    
                    
                    Add F1 Lookup on Customer Code.
                    Add F1 Lookup on Quote Number
                    Default quote number to both quote number fields.
E-Q- -   10221206 E N-K QUOPRINT = TRILAKE-EXCEL
                    Multiple Quotes can be printed on 1 quote form.
                    Customer selects Customer and Range of Quotes.
                    Program then combines all the quotes onto one quote document.
                    
                    New Toggle Box:  Booked Orders Only.
                    Print Range of Quotes to print only Quotes with Estimates that have Booked Orders
                    This will only include estimates that have an Order Number Attached.
                    
                    Estimates that have order numbers are considered booked.
                    When toggle box is checked, quotes with estimates that are not booked will not print.
                    i.e. only quote with estimate that have an order number will print.
E-Q- -   11081011 E Investigated whether we can print footer only on last page of fibre ex
                    Answer is no because I can't control Excel's behavior once they modify the Excel document.
E-Q- -   11111308 E N-K Quoprint = Premier-Excel - Changes and Bug Fix
                    1. When we add multiple items to a quote and all or some have tooling , the tooling charges need 
                    separation between the charge and the next line item.  
                    Add a space after the tooling charge (See PRINTING PLATE in attached).
                    
                    2. When we add multiple items to a quote and all or some have department notes, it will only prin
                    t the last item on the quote?s department note.  
                    See example 41201 as a single quote versus being a part of multi line quote. (Bug)  Department no
                    tes for each item should appear beneath each item.
                    
                    3. The Price for tooling charges (Misc Items) should have a $ format the same as the Finished goo
                    ds.
E-Q- -   11151004 E N-K QuoPrint = SouleMed  (Done on Task# 10181001)
                    Finish mods from task 10181001:
                    1) Add "Blanket orders will not exceed 90 days. Product will be invoiced and delivered after
                         the 90 day period." to print with the notes above the "Customer Acceptance:" box.
                    2) There should be an additional space above the "Customer Acceptance:" box.
                    
                    Additional Mods:
                    1) Make the logo, address, phone#, fax#, and Website bolder.  (see attachment).
                    2) Add "Estimate #" and "Quote #" in top, right corner.
                    3) Do not leave a blank line if there is only one line of address.
                    4) Remove "Est#/Qt#" column.
                    5) Fix Over/Under so it fits in the box.
                    6) Right-align release quantities.
                    7) In notes above "Customer Acceptance:" box, above "Visit our Website...." add the
                            following 2 lines:
                           * All item quantities are subject to an over/underrun of 10%.
                           * Inventory for items will not exceed 90 days.
E-Q- -   12021304 E N-K QuoPrint = Sultana (old Task # 10021301) add adders.
                    Add adders
E-Q- -   12021403 E N-K Quoprint = Boss   (Copy FibreX per Sample Attached)
                    TOP LEFT
                    1.	Add Boss Logo
                    TOP RIGHT
                    2.	Remove Customer Id, Contact, Telephone, Fax boxes.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  64

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    MIDDLE
                    3.	Remove Quote #, remove description
                    4.	Third box to contain:  Item Description, Style, Size, Stock, Colors.
                    5.	Remove Extended $ column
                    BOTTOM
                    6.	Remove last sentence and add ?All manufacturing aids (i.e. tooling, cutting dies, etc.) are su
                    bject to California State Sales Tax.
E-Q- -   12031307 E Wildcard Search on Quote File Fields
                    See Attached.
                    Need to be able to search with *    *
                    for example 
                    CLick ADD on bottom Left button.
                    Press F1 and Type *Bubble*
                    
                    Should find all items that containe the characters.
E-Q- -   12051306 E *Wildcard* search on Quote Browser No Longer Working
                    Add wildcard search on Quote Browser.
                    To test, type *Tape* on the Customer Part No and Description.
                    Also, add wildcard to F1 lookup on the Customer part#.
                    
E-Q-P-   01111002 E N-K Quoprint = 3C (Copy Xprint and add Logo and Add Extended Cost)
                    They currently use Xprint format.
                    1) Add 3C Logo to this Format so it can be Emailed.
                    2) Add Column called Total Price
                         The standard quote we have in the system gives the price per unit of measure. 
                          For example, $100.00 M. Can we get the extended price on the quote? 
                          We would like it to read QTY 10,000, $100.00 M, Total $1,000.
                    3) Reduce column called UOM to 3 Characters
                    4) Reduce column celled Releases to Rel#
                    
                    Pat - Tested Quote# 1122
E-R-5-   04141402 E N-K Reports  View Forms ER5
                    E-R-5   Convert to New Report Writer Format.
                    Add new DEFAULT button above the MOVE Button.
                    Default Button will move the original fields to the Selected Fields in the following order.  
                    Exiting Available Fields are as follows.
                    Status
                    Last Used
                    Est#
                    Customer Name
                    Part # 
                    Description
                    Style
                    Blank Size
                    Item Size
                    Inks  (This is the Printed Field)
                    Board
                    
                    Add the Following New Fields for Selected Fields.
                    Last Order#    (This is listed on the Spec Tab)
                    Order Date     (This is listed on the Spec Tab)
                    Cust#
                    Adder1, Adder2, Adder2, Adder4, Adder5  (This is listed on the Layout Tab)
E-R-8-   09091012 E Request for modification to ER8.
                    On the print parameters of the ER8, add "From Die" and "To Die" fields.  Also, on the report, add
                     the column "# Up"
E-R-O-R  05031102 E Copy OZ9 to ASI ANYWARE  (After OZ9 is Completed)
                    Changes to OR8 were moved to OZ9.
                    Original OR8 was restored.
                    
                    Move OZ9 to ASI ANYWARE.
E-U- -   06161002 E discuss with BJ and Eric new program Vendor Request for Quote
                    New Folder called Request for Quote
                    Purchased Items require customer to call Vendors for Pricing.
                    This Folder will send Request for Quote Form to Vendors on the FARM folder.
                    
                    1) Box Company adds estimate for FARM OUT / Purchased Item.
                    2) Estimator adds Vendors they desire to Request Quote on FARM Folder.
                    3) New RFQ folder (Similar to DB as Quote folder)
                    4) New Table stores Vendor Names in place of Customer Name.
                    5) Data Loaded to Quote file will be same data loaded to RFQ table.
                    6) Add Button will allow F1 to show Vendors from FARM folder or Vendor File.
                    7) Add Button will transfer same fields as quote,  Box, Board, Colors, Size, etc.
                    6) New PRINT RFQ ICon prints / emails new RFQ Form to Vendor for Quoted Cost.
                    7) Excel Form Recieved by Vendor loads into RFQ table and also to FARM Folder. 
                    
                    Mod:  We will need a new Button called RFQ on the FARM folder.  When this is pressed, the system 
                    will provide prompt "CREATE REQUEST FOR QUOTE FOR VENDOR ?  YES will then create a new vendor quo
                    te and download the VENDOR code and address from the vendor file and download the Customer part n
                    umber, name and desription, style, L, W, D, etc to the quote file.  Identical as the PRINT folder
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  65

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     creates a quote.   Only difference is this will be the VENDOR and the quantities will transfer f
                    rom the FARM Folder.
                    When printing the RFQ to send to Vendor, recreate an EXCEL attachment to send to vendor and then 
                    for box manufacturer to load.  Add to both folding and corrugated estimates.
G- - -   02121301 E Convert Reports for General Ledger into ASI Anyware
                    Convert Reports for General Ledger into ASI Anyware
                    
                     1. Chart of Accounts
                     2. Current Month Detail
                     3. Transaction Report
                     4. GL Invoice Summary
                     5. GL History
                     6. GL Posting Register
                     7. GL Posting Check
                     8. Reference Date vs Posting Date
                     9. Journal Entries Report
                    
                    GC - Close Month
                    GY - Year End 
                    GT - Trial Balance
                    GQ - Query General Ledger History
G-F-1-   11021211 E + Empoyee ICON at top of screen ($20,000 Contract)
                    G-F-1 New Emploee Icon in Company File
                    Copy Icon from Customer File A-F-1 (2nd Icon from Right of Two People)
                    This mod is only to add a new ICON in the Company File.  
                    When adding Employees Names to this Icon, they will be tied to the Company File. 
                    Please note, the Employee ID must match the N-U users file.
                    The program will use the Email Address via N-U for emailing reports.  
                    
                    The Following is not part of this task.
                    Future Modifications for Emailing will require other Tasks.
                    Reports can be added to the ECODES to email to specific employees. 
                    This will allow adding all employees to the company file. 
                    This file will allow adding a job title and email address. 
                    For example, a daily booking report is not customer specific.
                    So we could add the Owners and Management to the Company File.
                    Then we could add the Booking Report to the ECODES file.
                    Then we could define employees to receive this email each morning.  
                    Likewise we could email all BUYERS with an Reorder Advise Report each morning.
                    As another option, after running this report in a batch routine at night.    
                    This is another file required to trigger nightly batch reporting when the server is not fully uti
                    lized.
                    
G-F-1-   11211303 E DELETE Button   (Security to Purge All Data Files)
                    DELETE BUTTON:     (Do Not Delete Files such as Styles and Box Designs if no Company ID)
                    1)  Add Logic for Password to Proceed
                    2)  YES will purge every File for that Company as well as that company.
                         Purge Job Work in Process and Jobs (N-F-11)
                         Purge Purchasse Orders (N-F-9)
                         Purge Estimates (N-F-2)       PLUS  Including Notes Files, Attachments, etc.
                         Purge Quotes  (N-F-8)
                         Purge Raw Materials and History (N-Y-3)    PLUS  Including Notes Files, Attachments, etc.
                         Purge Finished Goods N-F-12 then N-F-1)   Must Purge History First.
                         Purge Finished Goods N-F-1)                           Must Purge History First.
                         Purge Orders  (N-F-7)
                         Purge A/R History    (N-F-13)
                         Purge A/P History    (N-F-14)
                         Purge GL History  (N-F-5 This does all GL Transactions but not GL Accounts)
                         Purge all NOTES and ATTACHMENTS
                    Once All History Files are Purged then Purge Each Master Record for this Company Only.
                    Purge Customers, Sales Reps, Carriers, Tax Codes, Terms Codes, 
                    Vendors, Vendor Types, Buyers, Unposted Invoice, Unposted Releases, Unposted BOLS
                    Price Matrix, GL Numbers, Accounts, Finished Goods, Product Categories, Cost Types.
                    Raw Materials, Product Categories, Cost Types and History, Etc.
                    Purchase Orders, Reject Codes, Etc.
                    Lastly, the Comany for that Company Number.
                    Please note, Styles may remain if not Indexed by Company.
G-F-2-   09171402 E Utility to change one level of an account number to differnt number.
                    util/FindReplaceAccNum.r
                    After copying over general ledger account numbers from one company into a new company, they want 
                    the abiltiy to run a utility that would allow them to change the beginning 2 digits of each accou
                    nt number in GF2 from whatever it is to another number.  For example: if their account number is 
                    01-2011-000 and ALL their account numbers start with 01, they want the utility to change all the 
                    01 beginning account level to 03.
                    
                    Utility should company specific  and first check to see if any data has been posted to any of the
                     account numbers.  If so a message should appear that utility cannot be run.  DO NOT run if that 
                    is the case.
G-F-2-   09241311 E Add Excel Icon to G-F-2  GL Accounts View Tab
                    Add Excel Icon on G-F-2 General Ledger Accounts View Tab   
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  66

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    (See Print Icon on Screen for Fields)
                    This will allow users to export any field from this table and export to excel.
                    All fields on the View G/L Accounts Table that are visible in the viewer should be selectable as 
                    fiels / columns for output..
                    
                    Output Parameter will be From G/L Account  ___________ To G/L Account  ________________
                    Output Parameter will be From G/L Type        ___________ To G/L Type       ________________
                    Default to G/L Accounts Displayed on the Browser.
                    
                    Once Fields are selected, they must be saved b User ID.
                    When User returns to Output to Excel the fields that were selected last time report ran should be
                     preselected.  Therefore ASI may select fields that will be different then user JOE that may sele
                    ct different fields.
                    
G-F-2-   11181305 E General Ledger Accounts -  Add *Wildcard* Search* on the AutoFind Opti
                    Click in AutoFind Box at the bottom of the Browser.
                    Click Description
                    
                    Add search functionality that will allow user to search items for any text that would be containe
                    d in the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    Search with *..........*   to search item names.
                    
                    For Example.  
                    Search for Expense and only 1 Item appears.
                    New Logic.
                    Type  *Expense*  
                    This will find all general ledger accounts with the characters = Expense
                    
                    Please Note,
                    Search without the *    *   will continue to search only the 1st letters of the records.
G-F-4-   01031415 E Add ACH check# field to Bank File
                    1. Add ACH check number field to Bank File View Screen.  It must default to 80000000 and be unmod
                    ifiable. It must always remain grayed out for every button.
                    
                    2. Add [ACH Checks] toggle box to VC1 (Print A/P Checks) screen.  If this toggle box is checked, 
                    then use the Starting Check# from the ACH check number field on bank file screen added from above
                    . Must have same validation as regular check# field
                    
                    3. Add Email capability to VC1 (Print A/P Checks) screen.  Should work like AR4 (A/R Statements).
                      See attachemnt.  Only allow email functionality IF ACH toggle box is checked.
                    
                    
                    Talk to me to discuss???
G-F-4-   01161405 E Add ACH check# field to Bank File
                    1. Add ACH check number field to Bank File View Screen.  It must default to 800000 and can be no 
                    higher than 999999 and no lower than 8000000.
                    
                    2. Add [ACH Checks] toggle box to VC1 (Print A/P Checks) screen.  If this toggle box is checked, 
                    then use the Starting Check# from the ACH check number field on bank file screen added from above
                    . Must have same validation as regular check# field
G-L- -   04191301 E Rewrite File Maintenance of G/L for ASI Anyware
                    Rewrite File Maintenance of G/L for ASI Anyware.
                    
                    Modul- File Maintenance for G/L
                        1. Company
                        2. GL Account
                        3. General Ledger Control
                        4. Banks
                        5. Currency Code
                        6. Import FL Account Budgets
                    
                    Modul- Write Financial Statements 
                       1. Financial Statements
                       2. Income Statement Ratios
G-L- -   06261205 E Resize Project GL
                    Resize Project
G-R-1-   11061415 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (GR1) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (GR1) 
                    Chart of Accounts
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  67

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
G-R-2-   11061416 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (GR2) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (GR2) 
                    Current Month Detail
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    A)  Add all fields on report including fields from DETAIL toggle Box.
G-R-3-   01131107 E Add voided cash receipts to report
                    Add toggle box to GL Transaction report to print voided cash receipts (CASHRVD).  
                    They are missing
G-R-3-   05241303 E Print Order# from PO Line in Order column for AP Purchases  - PO# 5848
                    For APPURCH (Accounts Payable Purchases) - Add the Order# from the PO Line Item in the Order# col
                    umn
G-R-3-   08251105 E Add voided AP Checks to report
                    Add toggle box to GL Transaction report to print voided AP checks - GL Trans (APVOIDCK).  
                    They are missing
G-R-3-   11061417 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (GR3) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (GR3) 
                    GL Transaction Report
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    
G-R-4-   11061418 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (GR4) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (GR4) 
                    GL Invoice Summary.
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    A)  Add Date Range to Top of the Report
                    
                    
                    
G-R-5-   04241401 E N-K Reports   View Form GR5 Convert to Report Writer Format
                    Convert Report to Report Writer.
                    Add DEFAULT button to Transfer Fields used in Existing Detailed Report.
                    User can pick what fields to print.
                    User can pick order to print Fields.
                    
                    Add New Fields = AP Description
                    For all line items of an AP Invoice (VU1) 
                    Add the Description field (dscr) to this new column field.
                    
G-R-5-   07311302 E G-R 5 - Display description from AP Invoice Line
                    Current behavior:
                    When the "Detail" option is checked, the "Reference" column on the report simply shows the vendor
                     name and invoice date for an ACPAY journal type.
                    
                    Desired change:
                    Add a check box option:
                    Show Invoice Line Description?:
                    
                    When checked, the report will find the AP Invoice based on vendor and invoice date and match the 
                    transaction amount to the invoice line amount.  The information shown in VU1, View Invoice, Descr
                    iption Column (see attached) should be displayed in the Reference field for the ACPAY GL records.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  68

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
G-R-6-   11061419 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (GR6) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (GR6) 
                    GL Posting Register
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    
                    
G-R-7-   11061420 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (GR7) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (GR7) 
                    GL Posting Check
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    
                    
G-R-8-   11061421 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (GR8) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (GR8) 
                    Reference Date vs Posting Date
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    
                    
G-R-9-   11061422 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (GR9) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (GR9) 
                    Journal Entries Report
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    
                    
G-T- -   04131103 E Save Selections w/ Green Bar
                    Add Green Bar to Save Print Selections by User ID.
                    Currently, if I enter range of account numbers, the next time I access print selection screen, th
                    e fields have not been saved.
                    
                    Do Not save Date Field.
G-U-1-   01171301 E Convert Update Journal Entries into Asi Anyware
                    Convert Update Journal Entries into Asi Anyware
                    
                     1. Enter/Edit Journal Entries
                     2. Print/Post Journal Entries
                     3. Enter/Edit Recurring Journals
                     4. GL Auto Distribution
G-U-2-   10061104 E N-K AuditDir - Change logic for GU2 to save to disk
                    This should save to same folder as other General Ledger Audit Trails.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  69

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    The N-K-1 AuditDir  parameter is used to save the AUDIT TRAILS to Disk Drive.
                    For example A-U-4 already has this logic.
                    This replaced the files being saved to the RCODE directory.
                    N-K-1 AuditDir Character Value houses the name of the Folder to save the data files.
                    For Example, ASI stores other posting reports know as Audit Trails to the following Disk Drive.
                    P:\ASI10Test\Rco1010\Audit 001\AUDIT TRAILS
                    
                    Change Logic for the G-U-2 General Ledger journal entries posting Register  to save to the Disk D
                    rive folder defined under the character value when posting = Yes.  
                    Program name is gl/r-gljrn.r
                    
                    Files should be saved under folder GL
                    
                    This is ONLY Save to Disk when the user clicks YES to Post !
G-U-3-   02091004 E Prompt for posting date when loading recurring entries
                    When pressing the LOAD Highlighted items button at bottom of  Load Journals tab, 
                    Prompt " Enter Posting Date" 99/99/9999 of the items chosen (default it to today's date, but allo
                    w override.  Currently it automatically defaults the load date to today's date.  
G-W-1-   10070910 E Increase the ability to consolidate 20 companies in Financial State
                    Increase the ability to consolidate 20 companies in Financial Statements.
                    Currently I believe we allow 12 companies in the GW1 print screen in the mulitple companies LIST 
                    box.
                    Original task 06040915
H-D- -   10051001 E Add new "Queued to" to help desk called DBC for Data base change
                    This will allow us to keep together all mods that will be done in the next version
                    Joes Repsonse:
                    I dont see DBC ?   I see DS for Database Support as a new Module.
                    This shouldbe DB for Database if we cannot use 3 letters.
                    I simply to the Version at 11 for tasks that require DB Changes.
                    I put DB in the Overview.
H-L- -   08161306 E Modify Sales Report per Attached
                    Convert Report to User Selectable Fields.
                    Add new Fields per Attached File including Profit Information.
                    
                    They need to capture sales information by sales rep that included the following:
                    Customer Total Sales $
                    -	Total Customer Sales $ broken out by sales rep
                    -	Total MSF
                    -	Total Profit
                    
                    And has the ability to compare selected data to same for prior year.
                    HL report and manipulated the data and formats to give us what we need with only one piece of dat
                    a missing.  It doesn't include profits. 
                    See attached the report for reference. 
                    
                    Modify HL Report to include the profit information?
H-M- -   03291021 E N-K SalesMgmt Reports   Remove Security to run the Management Highlite
                    Remove Password Protection on this N-K-1 parameter
H-M-4-   04061003 E Report only showing 2 salesmen.
                    04-14-2010 - I just ran the HM4 for 4/13/10...  There are only 2 sales reps showing on that repor
                    t.
                    
                    Report only shows 2 salesmen.  
                    I ran the OR6 to confirm other salesmen should appear on the HM4 (see attachment).
                    
                    ASI Repsonse:
                    What Date was used for the report?
                    
                    ESP - HM4 is based off of HT.  The Excel file shows only the first 15 salesman.  They have many m
                    ore.  Excel needs to be modified to either show more salesman or show salesman with values not eq
                    ual to 0.
                    
                    JOE
                    I dont understand show salesman with values not equal to 0 ?
                    Do whatever is easier to program.
                    
                    ESP - Added toggle box "Show only salesman with activity", also will show 35 salesman.
H-M-5-   06021019 E Production Highlights
                    If passes are entered in then the Passes/Form Field equals the Passes field.
H-R-1-1  11301004 E Add PO# to the print selection parameters.
                    Add PO# to the print selection parameters.
                    This will allow user to print specifically for a PO# range.
                    .
H-R-1-1  12051406 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (HR11) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (HR11) 
                    Sales Analysis by Cust/Item/PO
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  70

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    NOTE:  Customer, Customer Name, Contact, Phone, Fax, Item, Item Name are currently "Group By" opt
                    ions yet there are no sub-totals.  Please make these available columns such that the Excel report
                     prints only one contiguous data table with no line breaks or spaces.
                    
                    
                    
                    
H-R-1-6  08101104 E New Sales Report for YTD Comparisons
                    New Report to replace the excel reports attached.    Basically report will show a comparison of c
                    urrent year's sales vs 2011, 2010, 2009, 2008 
                    Copy H-R-2 which now allows entering 4 date ranges such as  
                    For 2008 enter January 1, 2008 to August 10, 2008
                    For 2009 enter January 1, 2009 to August 10, 2009  
                    For 2010 enter January 1, 2010 to August 10, 2010 
                    For 2011 enter January 1, 2011 to August 10, 2011
                    
                    Current Advantzware menu  H-Sales vs Budget imports the Annual Budget by Month.
                    However, new report is just for TOTAL budget for the selected Year.
                    The new Report will print the Total Budget Dollars in A-F-3 attached for current Year.  
                    Add Toggle Box Option Print Budget Year _____     User can enter the Year.
                    
                    The reports attached are all the same excel.
                    The option is needed to Page Break by Sales Rep ?  Yes will print separate page per Sales Rep.   
                    NO  will combin all sales rep together.
                    
                    
                    Bottom line, programming logic from existing reports can be used to create new report.
                    Delta are simply the difference between years.
H-R-1-6  08221103 E How to add a new menu item
                    Added H-R-16 report to menu items  16 Sales Comparison/Sales Rep
                    
                    1)  Open up all three menu items in dev
                          This is how the program name will be linked to the menu items.
                          a)  P:\pco1010\
                                1)  menu.lst
                                2)  menu.fol
                                3)  menu.cor
                    
                    2)  Open ASI, and decide where you are entering the new menu item.  
                         For example the last menu item entered under sales (H-R-15) was sales by period.  
                         So enter this new report under H-R-16 
                    
                    3)  Add the file name to all three menu items
                    
                    4)  Go to system program master in ASI, and add the new program name, title and directory.
                    
                    5)  Dump program master in help desk
H-R-3-   05301405 E N-K Reports  View Form = HR3
                    N-K-1 Reports,   View Form Tab     Character Value = HR3   Logical Value = Yes
                    DEFAULT Button willl move existing fields as Printable Fields.
                    New Columns Selectable by User Similar to Excel Icons 
                    Customer will be able to select fields to print on report.
                    Customer will be able to add/remove columns.
                    Customer will be able to resequence columns.
                    Report will have same Sort and Print Range Options
                    Existing Fields will be availale to select for Report.
                    
                    Fields currently print as options but will all be available to select on report.
                    1)  Sales Rep  (This will print on Every Line)
                    2)  Customer Code     (Remove Toggle Box and Add Selectable Field
                    3)  Customer Name    (Remove Toggle Box and Add Selectable Field
                    4)  FG Item#          (Finished Goods Item#)
                    5)  Catgy                (Finished Goods Product Category from I-F-1)
                    6)  Invoice#      
                    7)  Qty Shipped
                    8)  Total MSF
                    9)  $/MSF
                    10) Sales Amt
                    11) Full Cost        (This changes depends on toggle box and requires Security Code)
                    12) Profit               (This requires Security Code)
H-R-3-   07181401 E N-K Reports  View Form = HR3
                    N-K-1 Reports,   View Form Tab     Character Value = HR3   Logical Value = Yes
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  71

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Add the following new Fields.
                    
                    1)  Group#        (This will pull from the A-F-1 View Customer Field labeled = GROUP.
                                                (The database field name = Cust.Spare-Char-2
                    2)  Member#    This will pull from the A-F-1 Shipto Tab
                                                 (This will be a new field added to the Shipto File on Task# 07181402
                    ).
H-R-3-   07281403 E N-K Reports  View Form = HR3
                    N-K-1 Reports,   View Form Tab     Character Value = HR3   Logical Value = Yes
                    See Attached.
                    The Report Heading are larger than the data field.
                    
                    1)  Add new Field = Qty Invoice
                    2)  Add new Field = Inv UOM     Report Heading will be UOM
                    
                    3)  New toggle box   Summarize by FG Item/Customer.
                         When Checked, this will Consolidate a repeating item being sold for the same customer (see C
                    ustomer# CHNM0003, FG Item#KBS01, repeats 8 times on attached list)?
                    
                    .
                    
                     
                    
                    
                    
                    
H-R-3-   09241006 E Add New Sort by to parameters.
                    Customer requests "Sort by Category" to be added to the parameter screen.
                    Report already shows from category to category, but need option to sort by category.
H-R-5-   04141406 E N-K Reports  View Form = HR5  Logical Value = Yes
                    N-K-1 Reports,   View Form Tab
                    Character Value = HR5   Logical Value = Yes
                    
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when HR5 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
H-R-5-   05161311 E N-K Reports   Add New HR5 to User Selectable Fields
                    N-K-1 Reports,   View Form Tab
                    Character Value = HR5   Logical Value = Yes
                    New Columns Selectable by User Similar to Excel Icons 
                    Customer will be able to select fields to print on report.
                    Customer will be able to add/remove columns.
                    Customer will be able to resequence columns.
                    
                    Report will have same Sort and Print Range Options
                    Existing Fields will be availale to select for Report.
                    
                    Fields currently print as options but will all be available to select on report.
                    1)  Shipto
                    2)  Shipt From Warehouse
                    3)  Customer Code     (Remove Toggle Box and Add Selectable Field
                    4)  Customer Name    (Remove Toggle Box and Add Selectable Field
                    5)  Estimate#                (Remove Toggle Box and Add Selectable Field
                    6)  BOL#                         (Remove Toggle Box and Add Selectable Field
                    7)  Cust Part#       (This now prints when sorting by Customer Part#)
                    8)  FG Item#          (This now prints when sorting by Finished Goods Item#)
H-R-5-   11211403 E N-K Reports   Add New HR5 to User Selectable Fields
                    See Attached.
                    N-K-1 Reports,   View Form Tab
                    Character Value = HR5   Logical Value = Yes
                    
                    1)  New Toggle Box =  Specific Sales Reps
                          When this is checked, a POPUP box will appear.
                          The user will type in valid Sales Reps from the A-F-3 File.
                           F1 lookup will show valid Sales Reps.
                           Each Sales Rep ID will be separated by a Comma.
                          When this is checked, the Range of Sales Rep will be Ignored.
                          The Report will only show the Sales Reps listed on the Popup List.
                    
                    For Speed Purposes.
                    The Report can default to the entire list of Reps.
                    Run the Report fo the Entire List of Reps.
                    Then Remove the Line Item for the Reps not listed on the POPUP List.
H-R-9-   08191404 E Add Carrier column to report
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  72

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    Add the Following new Fields to the new Report
                    a)  Carrier - This will pull from the Invoice File.
                          The carrier from the customer shipto transfers to the order to the BOL to the Invoice.
                    b)  SState
                    
                    Add the Following Print Selection Range
                    a)  New Print Range  
                          From Shipto State ___________      To Ship To State   _______________
H-S- -   10181303 E Quotas vs Actual Sales Budget Report  (Sort Options)
                    The "Sales vs Budget" report (HS), 
                    Currently, 
                    Sorts by Salesman first, 
                    Then by Product Category (with sub-totals), 
                    Then by Customer within Product Categories.
                    
                    New Toggle Box
                    SORT =  
                    By Salesman first, 
                    then by Customer (with sub-totals), 
                    then by CAT within Customers.
H-V- -   03291105 E Options for :Style, Flute, Test, L,W,D
                    Toggle Box    Est#, Style, Flute, Test, LWD
                    Add Order Date and Ship Date Column after Customer.
                    Add Order Date from O-U-1
                    Add Shipt Date from Bill of Lading Date for each Invoice #.
                    
                    Add to Excel as well as Report.
                    
H-V- -   07201109 E Add Togge Box:  Show Total Colors?
                    New Toggle Box:  Show Total Colors?
                    Yes will print an extra column on the report at the far right side of the report called COLORS
                    This will calculate the total number of colors from the the COLORS folder from the finished goods
                     item file.  (Attached)
                    
                    Please note, many estimates may have the same raw materials item code representing multiple color
                    s.   The field called OCCURS will be added for each unique color on the colors folder.   The tota
                    l number of ink colors will print under the new column.
                    
                    For example on attachment this would print on report like the following:
                    
                    COLORS
                        4
                    
H-Z- -   11301005 E Add PO# to the print selection parameters.
                    Add PO# to the print selection parameters.
                    This will allow user to print specifically for a PO# range.
                    
                    Please note, all print parameter selections are saved to a text file.
                    Make sure the range entered is saved like the other parameters are save by user ID.
I- - -   05061005 E Help Leo of Metro on his Crystal Reports
                    05/06/10 (AH) - tryng to find out the relationship between itemfg rm-bin tables for Crystal Repor
                    ts purposes
                    
                    Eric researched the linking issue for 1 hour
                    
I- - -   05071006 E Help Leo of Metro on his Crystal Reports - ODBC issue and added column
                    Eric and I helped Leo today with an ODBC issue - "lock table full". He also need help with adding
                     columns on the crystal report. supported via phone.
                    
I- - -   05111004 E Help Leo of Metro on his Crystal Reports adding qty prod/shipd for dat
                    Introduced 2 new tables fg_rcpth and fg_rdtlh. having trouble with linking and also getting qty v
                    alues. need more complex programming coding.
                    
I- - -   05171004 E Help Leo of Metro on his Crystal Reports
                    1. help with 'link' issue on the 846 report
                    2. help with new report 850 . suppress display on some columns, delivery date formula, select onl
                    y OPEN orders.
                    
I- - -   05251003 E Help Leo of Metro on his Crystal Reports
                    1. help with 'link' issue on the all reports
                    2. help with date formulas, select only OPEN orders like Order inq browse on ASI.
                    
I- - -   05261007 E Help Leo of Metro on his Crystal Reports
                    1.discuss 856 and 846 reports find the fields that ASI is using
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  73

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    2. help with linking rm-bin and item to other tables
                    
I- - -   06011007 E Help Leo of Metro on his Crystal Reports
                    Andres,
                    Here are the remaining problems that need to be worked out:
                    
                    846 Inventory Inquiry Report
                    ?	WIP Quantity ? We need to supply a daily WIP total in this report. Currently we are using a for
                    mula that subtracts Qty on Hand from Order Qty but this number is not correct. Perhaps the ?Produ
                    ction Balance? total (from the Browse Order screen) would work here?
                    ?	Inventory InFlow ? This is basically a daily total of FG Receipts (finished goods received into
                     inventory for the current day)
                    ?	Inventory OutFlow ? Daily total of FG Shipments
                    
                    850 Purchase Order Report
                    ?	Show Active PO #s Only -- The only problem on this report is that we should only be showing pur
                    chase orders that are still active, i.e., that we are still shipping on. We do not want to displa
                    y POs that have been fulfilled.
                    
                    852 Product Activity Data Report
                    ?	?Planned Quantity? Total ? We need to show the quantity remaining to be produced on a given ord
                    er. (Would the ?Production Balance? total work here, as well, I wonder?)
                    
                    856 Ship Notice/Manifest Report
                    ?	Show Active PO #s Only ? See above.
                    ?	Shipment Qty ? We need to show quantity of FG shipped for the current date only, same as Invent
                    ory OutFlow above.
                    ?	Shipment Date ? Shipment date. (Should only display if there has been a shipment on today?s dat
                    e.)
                    
                    (Just a reminder: All of these reports are daily reports so they are meant to show only transacti
                    ons for the current day the report is run.)
                    That?s it. Once you have a plan let me know when we can work together and I will email you a link
                     to connect.
                    Thanks, Andres!
                    Leo
I- - -   06181007 E Help Leo of Metro on his Crystal Reports
                    1. quoted field issue (formatting)
                    2. all the reports coming up blank
I- - -   06231009 E Help Leo of Metro on his Crystal Reports
                    1. quoted field issue (formatting)
                    2. all the reports coming up blank
I- - -   07011201 E Resize Project FG
                    Resize Project
I- - -   07071105 E N-K FGHistoryDate (Default date on Finished Goods History)
                    N-K FGHistoryDate (Default date on Finished Goods History)
                    
                    Logical Value = Yes will use the Date Value field as a default date.
                    Logical Value = No will not use the Date Value field as a default date.
                    
                    Date Value =  Default date on Finished Goods History.  If the date of 01/01/2011 is entered, then
                     the date in the Finished Goods File (I-F-1)  History Folder will default to this date.
                    When user clicks HISTORY folder, the program will load this date then display only transactions f
                    rom that date and newer.    
                    These dates are found under I- F- 1 "History" tab and I - Q - 1
                    
                    
I-C-1-   04141407 E N-K Reports  View Forms IC1     New Field Selectable Columns
                    N-K-1 Reports.
                    New View Form = IC1
                    
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when IC1 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
                    
                    
                    
I-C-1-   04301211 E Physical Count List -  Add Toggle Box "Exclude Customer Owned" ?
                    Add new Toggle Box:  Include Customer Owned?  
                    Check will include on hand quantity greater than zero if Customer Code is not blank.
                    UnCheck will not include on hand quantity greater than zero if Cusotmer code is not blank.
                    
                    Print IC1 Item APPLE9534 for  Order 2042.
                    The Bin Folder under I-F-1 has the tags and transaction for customer owned. 
                    This has the field called Customer# shows the customer code.
                    This prints both tags on hand and also customer owned.
                    The customer owned is not really on hand.
                    The ship only has not been processed.
                    New toggle box will give customer option to not display customer owned.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  74

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    Please note,
                    When both Invoice Only and Ship Only are Processed, then everything is perfect.
                    ASI Orders 204231 and 204232 for Items APPLE9532 and APPLE9533.
                    One order had tag and 2nd order did not have tags.
                    Inventory bins show zero on hand on both after processing Invoice only and Shiip Only.
                    Thus when I-C-1 is run, nothing prints.
                    However, when I print the I-C-1 after processing Invoice Only and no the SHip only, the IC1 does 
                    print the Cusotmer Owned.   This is good logic.
                    ONly option is to add toggle box to IC1 to Exclude Customer Owned.
                    
                    
I-C-1-   05291304 E N-K Reports  View Forms IC1     New Field Selectable Columns
                    N-K-1 Reports.
                    New View Form = IC1
                    New Selectable Report Columns for I-C-1 Report.
                    
                    Add New Fields for Selection.
                    1) Counted Date  (I-F-1 History Tab Last Transaction = C for this Tag# or Job# & Whse & Bin)
                    2) Cost/M      (Same Field as Printed on IC3)
                    3) Sell Value   (Same Field as Printed on IC3)
                    4) Qty on Hand  (Add Selectable Field and Remove Exisiting Toggle Box on Report)
                    5) Pallets             (Add Selectable Field and Remove Exisiting Toggle Box on Report)
                    
                    User will be able to select what fields to print and what Order to print the columns.
                    
                    
                    
                    
I-C-2-   12281101 E util/rctdpurg.r  Utility to delete a range of UnPosted Cycle Counts
                    Write Utility to Purge Records located under I-C-2.
                    These are UNPOSTED transactions.
                    This must have a Range by Sequence Number 
                    Begin  Sequence Number ___________     End IC2 Sequence Number  __________
                    
                    See attachment.
I-C-3-   04081301 E Posting Physical Counts to Print New Column called Variance
                    See Attached
                    New Selectable Report Columns for I-C-3 Report.
                    1)  When checking Qty on Hand is checked,  Only the Items on I-C-2 should print.
                    2)  New Column = Variance
                          This is Calculated as Qty On Hand less Qty Counted 
                          Positive or Negative Number will Display.
                    3)  New Toggle Box  = Show Items OH = Counted?
                          This will allow user to SHow and Post Only Good Counts
                    4)  New Toggle Box  = Show Items O/H Not = Counted?
                          This will allow user to  Print Only Variance Records to Investigate Problem before Posting.
                    
                    5)  New Toggle Box = Totals By Item?   Yes is Current Logic.
                          No will simply print each Line with no Totals.
                         
                    To Test.  
                    Add IC2 for item BAKE-12x12x4 
                    Press F1 on Tag# and Import all Tags and Click Import Qty OH.
                    Then Print Report with Toggle to Print Quantity On Hand.   
                    This created Grand Totals by FG Item.
                    
                    
I-C-3-   04171408 E N-K Reports = IC3  - DEFAULT Button
                    N-K-1 Reports.
                    New View Form = IC3
                    
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when IC3 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
I-C-3-   06111002 E Physical Posting Changes
                    1)  Physical count posting report
                      New toggle to show on-hand inventory
                    When checked this will list everywhere inventory existed for that item, and then the count that i
                    s was changed to next to the line that has the same warehouse bin tag job,
I-F-1-   01041004 E util/fixztime.r FG History Update Time Utility if Zero
                    IR6 report showing wrong data when Transfer transaction time is 0.
I-F-1-   01111104 E Add weight column in 3 screens  (New DB Fields will be Added Feb 5, 20
                    Press O-U-7 to create a LOADTag.   There is also an ICON on O-U-1 Items Folder.
                    Find ASI Order 100016, click Items and click Loadtag.
                    Make sure to enter the WEIGHT on the Work Table.   (See Attached)
                    When N-K-1 FGRecpt character value = LOADTAG, the creation of the Loadtag creates a finished good
                    s receipt.
                    Press the Save then Create LoadTag and the Finished Goods Receipt is Created.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  75

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    1)  The weight entered on the Load Tag Creation Detail screen will transfer to I-U-1.
                    2)   Also, add weight column in I-U-1
                    3)   When Posting Finished Goods via I-U-5 this must transfer to 
                           I-F-1 Bins Folder,  I-F-1 History Folder and I-Q-1.  
                    
                    
                    PLEASE NOTE,
                    These are TEMP fields that you must discuss with ERIC.
                    You can see example of this field in the O-S-1 screen attached.
                    
                    ESP 2/6/11: New fields fg-rctd.tot-wt, fg-bin.tot-wt, fg-rdtlh.tot-wt.
                    
                    
I-F-1-   01161325 E FGHstUpd.r  New program master security for I-F-1 History Tab
                    User logged in with ASI rights can edit IF1 History Tab.  
                    
                    This mod will allow additional users to be specified for edit rights on the IF1 History tab.
                    New suggested program master selection:  "fghstupd"
                    
I-F-1-   01191320 E RECALC COST button enhance to have N-Y-12 Logic
                    Premier creates new FG item almost every day.
                    Until FG Receipts are created, the Cost is Zero in the View Item File.
                    Orders added for this item will import cost from VIEW cost which is ZERO.
                    Other times the cost is wrong or left blank when the receipt is added.
                    
                    The RECALC COST button recalculates the cost on the VIEW Tab based on the cost of each Job or Pur
                    chase Order that are on Hand in the Bins / Jobs Folder.
                    Howeve, if the Costs are bad in the Bins/Jobs Folder, Recalc does not fix the Problem.
                    The N-Y-12 Utility moves the Costs from the HISTORY folder to the BIns/Jobs Folder.
                    Then the ReCalc Cost button must be RUN.
                    
                    Rick Rightor does not have access to the N-Y-12 program.
                    Fixing FG items with Bad Costs is a two step Process.
                    Run N-Y-12
                    Then find Item and Press ReCalc Button.
                    
                    
                    Moving N-Y-12 to ReCalc button provides a ONE STEP fix to resolve Cost issues.
I-F-1-   01241404 E Convert Active / Inactive Field to Database Field
                    Active / Inactive is currently a Ref Table Field.
                    Convert Programs to use a Logical value Database Field.
                    Hopefully, the table includes this DB field but it is not used.
                    Otherwise, use a Spare Field in teh DB.
                    
                    The Following Program must be Changed.
                    1)  I-F-1 must be use new Active / Inactive DB Field.
                         Utility needed to Convert Ref Table to DB Field.
                    2)  O-U-1 Items Tab - Add order to use new Active / Inactive DB Field.
                    2)  E-Q-1 Add Quote to use new FG Active / Inactive
                    3)  N-F-10  Utitlty to use new DB field
                    4)  I-R-2 to use New DB Field. 
                    
                    
                    This should improve speed and logic that uses the Ref Table Field.
I-F-1-   01271203 E Finished Good Item - Add MATCH functionality to browse sort
                    On IF1 Browser, FG Item Name#.
                    Add Wild Card Search with *..........*   to search items for any text that would be contained in 
                    the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
I-F-1-   01271204 E Finished Good Item - F1 then Wildcard Match Logic
                    IF1
                    Top Browser Item Name wild card search by "Name" 
                    Add functionality to allow user to do MATCH search on the NAME column to enable user to search it
                    ems for any text that would be contained in the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    
I-F-1-   01271401 E Convert Exempt From Discount Field to Database Field
                    Exempt Discount is currently a Ref Table Field.
                    Convert Programs to use a Logical value Database Field.
                    Hopefully, the table includes this DB field but it is not used.
                    Otherwise, use a Spare Field in teh DB.
                    
                    
                    This should improve speed and logic that uses the Ref Table Field.
I-F-1-   01301205 E Update and View FG item Expand Fields
                    Item Name and Description Fields do not display 30 characters.
                    Expand all fields.
                    Change Item Name to Name
                    Move labels to left to expand size of fields that display.
                    See Attached.
I-F-1-   01311107 E FG History Folder.  Change Label from Cost/  to Cost
                    Finished Goods Item File, History Folder  (See Attached)
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  76

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Click I-F-1.
                    Click History Folder.
                    The Cost/M label is misleading for items that are cost per EA.
                    
                    Remove the /M from the label.
I-F-1-   01311108 E Bin File, Update Unit Count / Cost
                    The UPDATE button.  See Attached.
                    The Cost Fields are misleading for items that have a Cost = EA on View Item folder.
                    
                    Remove the /M on all the labels.
                    Labels should read as follows:
                    Material
                    Labor
                    Variable Overhead
                    Fixed Overthead
I-F-1-   01311202 E New Full Cost Field ($50 per Hour)   (Added to O-U-1 & IF1)
                    Use new Spare Database field  =  Itemfg.spare-dec-1
                    Add Label called Full Cost to I-F-1 which can be updated.
                    Display this field in O-U-1 for Items that are Purchased.
                    
                    See Attached.
                    
                    1)  FG View Screen, consolidate Estimate and Die Info.
                    2)  Move Exempt from customer Discount Under Address Lines.
                    3)  Move Cost Field Up on Line
                    4)  Add FULL COST in Cost Section
                    
                    ORDER Entry Screen
                    1)  Rearrange per Attached.
                    2)  Change Board Vendor Label to Vendor and Move to Left
                    3)  Move Sell Price up 1 line.
                    4)   Add Full Cost under Existing Cost
                    5)  Move Warehoused and Tax under the Cost Block.
                    6)   Put into BLOCKS
                    
                    Full Cost Format = $99,999.1234
                    Also, change label Warehouse = Warehse
I-F-1-   02061206 E New Field called SALES GROUP   ($50 per Hour)
                    Add new field called SALES GROUP.   
                    New Alpha Field with 15 Characters
                    Add This under the Description Fields.
                    Move Exempt Line Down.
                    Move Estimate Number and Style Code down 1 line to make Room.
                    
                    Use the N-C Change User Group File to allow cusotmers to define Sales Groups.
                    See Attached.
                    Group = Sales Groups
                    The Valid sales groups will be on the  user ID's section separated by commas.
                    IF the user presses F1 on the GROUP Field in I-F-1 Finished Goods, the Groups will appear to sele
                    ct.
I-F-1-   02081204 E F1 Look Up to Search FG Class
                    N-C Change User Group File = FG CLASS.
                    The Valid Finished Goods Classes will be on the  user ID's section separated by commas.
                    IF the user presses F1 on the Class Field in I-F-1 Finished Goods, 
                    the valid Classes will appear to select.
                    
                    Similar Logic to Sales Groups.
I-F-1-   02081205 E F1 Look Up to Search FG Production Code
                    N-C Change User Group File = FG Production Code
                    The Valid Finished Goods Production CodeCodes will be on the  user ID's section separated by comm
                    as.
                    IF the user presses F1 on the Production Code Field in I-F-1 Finished Goods, 
                    the Production Code Codes will appear to select.
                    I have added New, Repeat, Scrap, Rework, Quality, etc.
                    
                    Similar Logic to Sales Groups.
I-F-1-   02081206 E F1 Look Up to Search FG Cycle Count Code
                    N-C Change User Group File = FG Cycle Count Code
                    The Valid Finished Goods Cycle Count Codes will be on the  user ID's section separated by commas.
                    
                    IF the user presses F1 on the Cycle Count Field in I-F-1 Finished Goods, 
                    the Cycle Count Codes will appear to select.
                    I have added DD, WK, MM, YY, 2M, 3M, 6M
                    
                    Similar Logic to Sales Groups.
I-F-1-   02121303 E Excel Print Icon
                    IF1 Export Logic
                    All fields in all FG Item Table should be selectable.
I-F-1-   02261410 E IF1 History - Weight column to be updateable
                    When logged in as ASI (or as a user specified in  Program Master = FGHstUpd), you can edit the Hi
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  77

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    story tab of IF1.
                    This mod will add the Unit Weight column to the list of editable columns.
                    
                    On the Bins browser, also when logged in as ASI, this mod will allow for editing of the the Unit 
                    Weight column to the list of editable columns in the Bins/Jobs Tab of IF1.
                    
                    
I-F-1-   03281102 E Add Display Only Fields to Cost Update Button
                    See Attached.
                    Add Job#, PO#, Bin, Whse, Tag# to Top of Screen.
                    Do not display the first 15 Characters of the Tag# as this is the FG item code.
                    
                    
                    Also, at the bottom, Display the Total Cost 
                    This will be the total of Material, Labor, Variable Overhead and Fixed Overhead.
                    
                    
I-F-1-   04071405 E New Toggle Box on  Bins/Jobs Tab called "Show Bins with Qty = 0
                    New toggle Box.  Show Bins if Qty = 0.  This will default to Not Display.
                    
                    All customers should run N-F-10 and Recalc Button and NOT Delete Zero Qty Bins.
                    However, the new Toggle Box will default to UnChecked.
                    This will HIDE the Bins with ZERO on Hand.
                    Except, OPEN Jobs.  They will still Display.
                    
                    Reason for new Toggle Box.
                    The calculated Bins table is needed to put the proper cost on reports.
                    This table is also needed to transfer costs to a posted invoice.
                    For example, 
                    A csutomer receives and shipped a product such as ATT-2297 for Job 205938
                    The Tags are received and shipped and show zero on Hand.
                    If the Recalc Qtyt is run and the DELETE zero Qty Bins is Run. the Tags are Removed.
                    When Customers runs  I-R-2 for a date after the Receeipt but Before the Shipment.
                    The Bin/Tags would appear o the Report.
                    The Problem is the Cost cannot be found in the Bins Table.
                    Then the Program imports the Average Cost form the VIEW Table which is Wrong.
                    Keeping the Bins Table Open will Ensure the Cost is Correct on IR2 and other Programs.
I-F-1-   07121204 E Bin Job Tab Broweser to Allow Changing UOM
                    When Logged in as ASI only the CUST# field can be updated.   Change Program to allow the UOM to b
                    e Updated. Change Column Heading to UOM.
I-F-1-   08011402 E Excel Print Icon  Active / Inactive Toggle Boxes
                    IF1 Export Logic
                    
                    Add 2 new Toggle Boxes.
                    
                    Active     ____     This will include all items in Print Parameter Range that are Active
                    Inactive  ____     This will include all items in  Print Parameter Range that are InActive
I-F-1-   10061005 E Show Posted UserID in IF1 History Tab
                    Show Posted UserID in IF1 History Tab
                    
                    Solution has old task.
I-F-1-   10061404 E Excel Print Icon  Move Fields from SPEC CARD to Excel Icon
                    IF1 Excell Icon    See attached.
                    The SPEC Card prints fields that currently do not print on the Excel Icon.
                    Move the missiing fields to the Excel Icon.
                    The Estimate# listed on the I-F-1 View Item Screen is used to Pull the extra fields.
                    
                    A)  Add new Field to Print called Spec Code ________
                          For example, customer will type SL (Shelf Life)
                    B)  New Available Fields to Print
                    1)  Color1, Color2, Color3,Color4, Color5, Color6, Color7, Color8, Color9, Color10 
                    2)  Coating1,  Coating2, Coating3  
                    3)  Board Code      (Pull from Estimate# listed on I-F-1)
                    4)  Board Name     (Pull from Estimate# listed on I-F-1)
                    5)  Caliper                 (Pull from M-F-1 for Board Code on Estimate# listed on I-F-1)
                    6)  Case Code         (Pull Pack Code from Estimate# listed on I-F-1 Item Tab)     
                    7)  Case Name        (Pull from M-F-1 for Case Code for Estimate# listed on I-F-1)
                    8)  Case Qty              (Pull from Estimate# listed on I-F-1)
                    9)  Skid Code           (Pull Pallet# Code from Estimate# listed on I-F-1)
                    10)  Skid Name          (Pull from M-F-1 of Pallet Code listed on Estimate# listed on I-F-1)
                    11) Skid Qty              (Pull from Estimate)
                    12)  Spec Code1   User picks the Spec Code 
                          (This will print same number of characters as Spec Card Button)
                    
I-F-1-   10221401 E Add *Wildcard* search
                    Add *Wildcard* Search to all fields on the following Fields.
                    1)  F1 on  Customer Part#
                         Click Autofind  on Item#,  Name or Part#.
                         *Bubble*
                    2)  F1 on  Customer
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  78

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         Click Autofind  on Customer Name or Customer Number
                         *Inc*
                    3)  F1 on  Estimate#
                         Click Autofind  on Item#,  Name or Part#.
                         *Bubble*   This Works Perfectly.
                        However.  
                        Click AutoFind on Estimate# and I cannot find any Estimates.
                        Click Item# and Type ATT and you will see estimate numbers.
                       Type *7*  should find all estimates with a 7.
I-F-1-   10221404 E View Tab:  I-F-1 Recalc Cost Button
                    See Attached.
                    1)  I-F-1 ReCalc Cost Button Works Great.
                          The button Imports Cost from HISTORY to rebuild Bins Tab then the View Item Tab.
                           However, this only fixes ONE FG item at a time.
                           The * Option allows fixing the Entire Inventory.
                    This needs improvement
                    a)      Replace * Option with the Following
                    b)     Add toggle Box called ___ Include Inactive Items.    Similar logic to N-F-10.
                    c)     Add  From Customer __________     To Customer  __________
                             This will Default to customer for Item displayed on screen.   
                    d)     Add  From FG Item __________     To FG Item   __________
                             This will default to FG Item displayed on screen
                    
I-F-1-   10241405 E Add Inactive  Active Toggles and Reduce Columns
                    See Attached.
                    Reduce the SIze for Customer, Estimate, Style and Category.
                    Change Headings to
                    Customer,   Estimate,  Style   Catgy
                    
                    Add  new Toggle Boxes Active and Inactive
I-F-1-   11021214 E New Excel Print Icon called List on FG  ($20,000 Contract)
                    IF1 Export Logic
                    Copy O-Q-1 Print Icon Logic
                    
                    New Icon will show Print Selection Range to Output to Excel.
                    The Print Selection Ranges will default from the IF1 Browser similar to O-Q-1.
                    All Fields will be listed on the I-F-1 Browser
                    All Fileds will be selectable to include or exclude from the Output.
                    
                    Once selected, the data will export to Excel.
                     
                    
I-F-1-   11021215 E MOVE button to become ICON  ($20,000 Contract)
                    I-F-1 Finished Goods Browser 
                    Add MOVE ICON similar to O-Q-1 to Finished Goods File.
                    This will allow each user to rearrange columns on the Finished Goods Browser.
                    When exiting this will save the columns for that User ID.
I-F-1-   11031402 E N-K CHKFMT = CustCorr (copy ASI2000)
                    Copy Chkfmt = ASI2000
                    
                    Move address on check down 2 lines to fit within envelope. 
                    Remove memo line.
I-F-1-   11171008 E Add Move Icon to History Folder
                    See Attached.
                    Add new Icon to MOVE Columns to Finished Goods History File.
                    See order query O-Q-1 or estimate E-F to see how current functionality works.
                    
                    ASI Notes
                    Failed, wrote new task for Eric to Fix.
                    This bombs and crashes.
                    Also never saves records.
                    
                    ESP 11/17: Changed all programs that allow moving columns to use my new logic when moving a lot o
                    f columns it still works now.
I-F-1-   11261409 E IF1 search to Save Selection Criteria if No Matches are Found
                    Current Behavior:
                    If the user searches for an item in IF1 and that item is not found:
                    For Example, Search for Item = Sewa
                    1)  An error message is displayed.
                    2)  All of the search fields are cleared
                    3)  All items are displayed in the browse
                    
                    NEW LOGIC:
                    If the user searches for an item in IF1 and that item is not found:
                    For example, search for Item =  Sewa
                    
                    1) "No Items Found, please update your Search Criteria" 
                    2)  Seach Fields are not Cleared and Remain as entered, 
                         with the cursor active in the field last used
                    3) No FG items will be Displayed in the Browser 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  79

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I-L-1-0  08111404 E IL10 - Add Range filter for Customer Part #
                    Legacy Report
                    
                    Add New Print Selection Range
                    Add "Begin Customer Part #:" and "End Customer Part #:" as a parameter to IL10. 
                     Add as the 4th Range filter option.
                    
                    This will filter the report to only show information for customer part #s within the range.
                    
                    This should default to "" to "zzzzz" but should save user input after the first report run for th
                    at user.
                    
I-L-1-0  09041409 E N-K Reports  Business Forms  I-L-10
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms    I-L-10  Logical Value = Yes.
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    Add the Following new Fields to the new Report Only
                    a) Order Number
                    
                    Add the Following Print Selection Range
                    a) Add FROM  FG Item ___________            TO  FG Item   ______________
I-L-1-4  05181101 E New Report - I-L-14  Whs Item Audit List
                    See Attached
                    New Report Called  -   Daily Warehouse Audit.   (Copy IR2 and Hide Most Toggle Boxes)
                    1)  20 Items will be selected randomly via a Progress Utility Program     
                    For example, Premier has a list of  1000       valid items.  The random number generator will pic
                    k 20 different FG Item Codes, then               display the 20 items on report.  
                    2)  List will display FG number, Description, Location, Bin, and Current Quantity
                    3)  Print Selection Screen From Whse ______   TO   Whse  _______  to limit FG Items by Whse.
                    4)  List will exclude items being released or in transit on that day.
                          That is any item on order with with Release Status = A, B or P
                    5)  List will exclude WIP  (Open Job Quantity minus Job Qty Receiced), 
                    6)  List will exclude items with quantity on hand = zero
                    7)  Toggle Box called Exclude Set Parts which are items ending with 01, 02, 03, etc.
                          This is item components which are FG item ending with -1, -2, etc      
                    
                    See Attached for what report should look like.
                    
                    Item Code, Item Name,   Whs,     Bin,      Units,    Count,    Bin  Qty      Items Total
                    ATT-2297,  RSC 22x97   Main   Floor      25       x  1000        25,000               25,000
                    ATT-2297,  RSC 22x97   Main   Floor        5       x     800          4,000               29,000
                    ATT-2297,  RSC 22x97   Main   Floor        1       x     650             650               29,650
I-L-1-5  01171405 E Aged Inventory Report Grand Totals.
                    I-L-15 Aged Inventory w/WIP.
                    
                    Make Grand Totals line up under the Proper Columns.
                    
                    Remove the Labels that now print on the Grand Totals.
                    Labels will not be needed when the Grand Totals print under the Proper Column
I-L-1-5  03201402 E Add Cust# and Cust Name to User Selectable Fields
                    I-L-15 Report
                    Under Available Columns add the Following Fields
                    1)  Cust#
                    2)  Customer Name.
                    
                    Both Fields will pull form the Customer on the Order Number listed.
I-L-1-5  08221301 E New Aged Inventory Report with User Selectable Fields (see attached)
                    Copy I-R-12 and convert to User Selectable Fields with the Following Fields on Report
                    Mke new Report by removing all other Selectable Fields and Grand Totals.  AS OF DATE will Remain.
                      Aged Inventory will Calculate the Same as I-R-12 based on 1st Receipt Date
                    Job#                  (Bins/Jobs On Hand)
                    Order#               (J-U-1 Job# File -  Order Number)
                    Cust PO#          (O-U-1 Items Tab Customer PO#)
                    Order Desc     (Item Name from O-U-1 if Job has Order#, Else Print I-F-1 Item Name)
                    Cad#                  (I-F-1 View Item Cad#)
                    Cust Part#         (PO# from O-U-1 if Job has Order#,  else Print I-F-1 Customer Part#)
                    Item#                  (I-F-1 FG Item Code)
                    Rcpt Date         (1st Receipt Date for the first FG Tag# for the Job)
                    Qty O/H             (TOTAL I-F-1 Bins/Jobs Qty on Hand based on AS of DATE)
                    Skid Qty            (Bins Tab (Units x Unit Count) For 1st Item On Hand)
                    Released         (Qty from O-T-1 for FG item on Order)
                    Balance            (Job Qty On Hand less Actual Releases from O-T-1 for Order# on Job File)
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  80

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    WIP                     (Job Qty Minus Jobs Receipt Qty)
                    Balance+WIP  (Balance + WIP)
                    Sell Price/M      (O-U-1 Sell Price)
                    UOM                  (O-U-1 Sell Price UOM
                    Total Value     (Sell Price per UOM x Quantity On Hand)
                    Days Old          (Jobs 1st Receipt Date to AS of DATE of Report)
I-L-1-5  11151308 E Aged Inventory Report  More Changes
                    I-L-15 Aged Inventory w/WIP.
                    
                    1) Change the Menu to Aged Inventory w/WIP    (make 1st W lower case)
                    
                    2) Released  Column   
                         Change this Column to include Release Status P and A and B.
                         They are status in Process.
                         Once Bill of Lading is Posted the On Hand is Reduced so Z and C must be excluded.
                    
                    3)  New Toggle Box -  Include Open Jobs w/Zero On Hand
                          To Test, 
                          For example, Print for Item ATT-2297
                          A new Order 207087 for Job 207087 will not print because on hand = Zero.
                          The report is a on hand aged inventory report.
                           However, this toggle box will show All Open Jobs.
                    
                    Currently a Job may be closed but On hand, thus will print on this report.
                    We need to include new orders for new Jobs that need need to be produced.
                    Thus Open Jobs with Zero on Hand will import new Orders.
                    This will then show a better WIP status.
I-L-6-   04141408 E N-K Reports  View Form = IL6   Logical Value = Yes
                    N-K-1 Reports  (See Attached)
                    View Forms I-L-6 Logical Value = Yes.
                    
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when IL6 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
I-L-6-   04161401 E N-K Reports  View Form = IL6   Logical Value = Yes
                    N-K-1 Reports  (See Attached)
                    View Forms I-L-6 Logical Value = Yes.
                    
                    Add New Field to Available Columns
                    
                    1)  Wt/100 
                    2)  Receipt Time.
                    
                    When FG Receipts are posted,  both Data Fields are written to the I-F-1 HISTORY tab .
                    
                    
                    
I-L-6-   04251208 E Add Job# & RFID# to report
                    Add toggle box to print:  Vendor  ____  or Job#  ______
                    User must click either box.
                    Either Vendor or Job# will print under this column.
                    Label will also change in addition to the data.
                    
                    Add toggle box to print:  Tag#   ____  or RFID#  ______
                    User must click either box.
                    Either Tag# or RFID# will print under this column.
                    Label will also change in addition to the data.
                    
                    Please note, the RFID# is only found in the Label File based on a Tag#.
                    Whatever Tag# is now printing will be replaced with the RFID Tag# in the Label File.
                    Label file is under Sharp Shooter, Label Menu - File Maint - Finished Goods. 
                    See Last column on Browser.
                    
                    
                    Currently, Columns Heading are as follows:
                    DATE,  ITEM, DESCRIPTN,  P.O. #, VENDOR,    TAG #     
                    UNITS,  COUNT,  COUNT, BIN, UOM,  TOT QTY, TOT COST, TOT SELL VALUE
I-L-6-   05281406 E N-K Reports  View Form = IL6   Logical Value = Yes
                    N-K-1 Reports  (See Attached)
                    View Forms I-L-6 Logical Value = Yes.
                    
                    Add New Field to Available Columns
                    
                    1) Posted.    This will print the date the transaction was posted.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  81

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    For example. Job 207627 for FG Item Strawberry
                    I added receipts on 05/26/2014  but I posted the transactions on 05/28/14
                    The current date field print 05/26/14
                    However, the Print Selection Range must be for 05/28/14 to print this transaction.
                    It is a bit confusing.
                    
                    To make this more friendly.
                    Add the new date field as option to print on reported.
                    Label will be Posted.
                    Field will be the Posted date..
                    
                    
                    
I-L-6-   08011317 E Add Warehouse to Output to Excel
                    Click N-K-1  Reports.
                    Find IL6 on View Form Tab
                    Set Logical Value = YES  runs Report for with User Selectable Columns 
                    and Logical Value = NO runs the original Advantzware Report.
                    
                    On I-L-6 
                    NK1 Reports Logical Value = YES
                    Add new Field Selection called Whse.
                    Column to Print will be called Whse
                    This is the warehouse posted to the HISTORY file.
I-L-6-   08121316 E Add User ID to All I-L-6 Reports
                    Click N-K-1
                    Type Reports.
                    Find IL6 on View Form Tab
                    Set Logical Value = YES.
                    
                    On I-L-6 
                    Add User ID to User Selectable Files to all I-L-6 Reports.
                    This assumes User ID is already in the Table.
                    For example, Shipment History shows user ID.
                    Receipts History shows ID.
I-L-6-   08121409 E N-K REPORTS - IL6  Logical Value = Yes
                    Add the following new fields to the report.
                    
                    1) FG Category   (Report Heading will be Catgy)   This will print from I-F-1 View Item tab.
                    2) Unit Cost          This the the Total Standard Cost from the I-F-1 Jobs/Bin File.
                                                     Currently the Grand Total Cost for the Entire Quantity prints.
                                                     For example print for Item Strawberry for May 1 to May 30, 2014
                                                     The standard Unit Cost = $450.50 per M
                                                     The grand Total for each Tag# is $11,262.50
                                                 
                    3) Unit Sell            If the job has an order#, then the Sell Price on O-U-1 Items tab will pri
                    nt.
                    4) Sell UOM         If the job has an order#, then the Sell Price on O-U-1 Items tab will print.
                                                     Report Heading = SOUM
                    5) UOM                  Change Report Heading from UOM to CUOM
                    
                    For example, the receipt for 05/26/14  for Job# 207627-00 for FG item STRAWBERRY,
                    The order shows $ 125.00 per CS selling Unit of Measure.
                    Currently the report prints the Total Sell Value of $6,250.00
                    
                    
                    Please note,  All costs and sell values should be limited to four digits to right of decimal.
I-L-6-   09171002 E Add parameters to existing report
                    Add from customer to customer (from IF1)
                    and  from Finished goods to fg
                    Also add hot keys to the header of the report
                    
                    9/20 - Tested and the new fields are there, but I'm not sure what "add Hot Keys to the Header of 
                    the Report means.  The Hot Keys are not printing on the report.- Pat
I-L-6-   09241204 E New Fields for Report with Optioni to Select Fields to Print
                    New print selection block called OUTPUT SELECTION  
                    This will allow users to select what fields to print.
                    Separate Toggle Boxes for Exiting Fields and New Fields that will print or download to Excel.
                    Old Fields are:   Job#, Transaction Date, Transaction Type, FG Item Code, FG Item Name
                    P.O. #, Vendor, Tag #,  Units. Count, Bin, UOM, Total Qty, Total Cost, Total Sell Value. Etc.
                    New Fields:  
                    1)  Customer Part Number  (Find field on I-F-1, View Item Folder)
                    2)  Die Number (Find field on I-F-1, View Item Folder)
                    3)  Number up
                    4)  CAD Number  (Find field on I-F-1, View Item Folder)
                    5)  Plate Number  (Find field on I-F-1, View Item Folder)
                    6)  Number of Colors   (See I-F-1 Colors Folder for Number of Colors)
                    7)  Sheet Size      
                    8)  Board Caliper
                    To find Number Up, Sheet Size and Board Caliper.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  82

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    If Job# is on Transaction, search Item under J-U-1 and Find Material Folder for that Form.
                    If Job# is not on Transaction, then find Estimate# on I-F-1View Item Folder, then find Estimates 
                    Layout Folder to find Sheet Size and Caliper.
                    
                    On the Output Section.
                    Up to 80  characters, System would allow all existing Output Options but default to Portrait.  
                    From 81 to 132  characters, then System will default  to Landscape Printing.
                    Greater then 132  characters, Protrait and Landscape will not be available.
                    System will default to Excel 
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
I-L-8-   04141409 E N-K Reports  View Form = IL8   Lgical Value = Yes
                    N-K-1 Reports  
                    View Forms I-L-8 Logical Value = Yes.
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when I-L-8 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
                         
                       
                    
                    
I-L-8-   06141105 E Additional Info on IL8.
                    Add radio for summary or detail.  
                    When DETAIL toggle box is checked the system will show the following infromation 
                    Rel#, Rel Date, and Sched Rel Qty to Report.  
                    Please see attached example in Excel.  
                    FYI:  The new fields and sample info are in red to make it easy to identify the requested mods.
I-L-8-   06301404 E N-K Reports  Business Form = IL8  Inventory Status By Job
                    N-K-1 Reports
                    View Form Tab - Business Form = IL8
                    Logical Value = YES.
                    See Attached for New Fields
                    
                    1)  Qty Produced  (This is per Job#)
                    2)  Qty Balance     (This is based on Order# listed on Job File.)
                                                       (Order Qty less Qty Shipped)   .
                    3)  Order Date       (This is based on Order# listed on Job File)
                    4)  Ship Date         (This is the 1st BOL Date for the Order# listed on the Job.
                    
                    
                    Report will continue to print FG item detail by Job#
                    If Job File shows a Customer Order#, the Order Date will Print.
                    If Job File does not show a Customer Order#, the Order Date will not print. 
I-L-8-   08301301 E N-K Reports  Business Form = IL8   Inventory Status By Job
                    GUI I-R Report  - 
                    Convert to Report Writer Format so User Select Fields and Printing Sequence.
                    
                    A)  Add Print Range:   From Job# ___________    To  Job#  __________
                    B)  Add Following new Fields.
                       1.  Sales Price Field (Pull from O-U-1 if Job has Order# or from I-F-1 with Job# without Order
                    #)
                       2.  Qty Allocated
                       3.  User can Remove or Select any Fields Desired such as FG Item or Cust Part#
                       4.  New Field CaledAdd column for delivery date
                       5.  Last Receipt   (This the date of most recent Receipt for Job)
                       6.  User can select Order Sequence of Fields such as Job#
                       7.  RFQ#   (From Quote Table from Estimate# found on I-F-1)
                         
                       
                    
                    
I-L-8-   09111402 E N-K Reports  Business Form = IL8  Inventory Status By Job
                    N-K-1 Reports
                    View Form Tab - Business Form = IL8
                    Logical Value = YES.
                    1)  Print from Job W2297-27  to  Job W2297-27.
                    2)  Check Summary and Print
                    3)  Check Detail and Print.
                    This report is printing separate lines by Warehouse.
                    
                    A)  Add Warehouse as an Column on the Report.
                    B)  Summary Option should not break out Totals by Warehouse.
                    
I-L-8-   11131405 E N-K Reports   View Form = IL8  Add Columns for GENMIL tracking
                    Additional selectable columns need to be added to the IL8 report.  These are release-specific col
                    umns similar to the Release Qty and Rel Date fields that already exist.  The same Release lines f
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  83

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    rom OU1 Release tab should be used for these columns.  The Release break out is available when on
                    ly the "Detail" option is checked.  When "Summary is checked" these columns should show data the 
                    same way the Rel Date and Rel Qty columns (not sure if it just shows one release or blanks but it
                     should be consistent).
                    
                    The columns to add are:
                    1. Release PO# - This PO should be the Customer PO from the release line that corresponds to the 
                    release qty and release date that is currently available.
                    2. Release Lot# - This should be the Customer Lot#  from the release line that corresponds to the
                     release qty and release date that is currently available.
                    3. Prod. Qty for Lot - This needs to use the "Customer Lot# (column 2 above) to identify receipts
                     in IF1 History tab that have that Lot# as the FG Lot#.  Note: this column may be slow to calcula
                    te.  Only calculate the data for this, if the column is selected for inclusion.  
                    
                    ASI testing: See ASI Order 207823.  There are 2 releases.  One release has a Customer Lot # of 12
                    3.  This should correspond to a receipt for ATT-2297 of 20,000.  This would be the value that sho
                    uld be shown for #3 for this release.  The other release line has no Lot# and would thus show 0.
                    
                    
I-P-R-FQ 08211211 E Request for Quote APP for IPAD
                    Convert ASI Anyware RFQ tor the IPAD.
                    Identical logic as ASI Anyware but written for the IPAD.
                    
                    1) New APP = ADD RFQ's   
                         This will go directly into ADD mode logic of ASI Anyware.
                    2) New Button = VIEW RFQ's
                         This will strickly View the RFQ / ASI Anyware Browser.
                    
                    
                    ASI Notes
                    ASI will use Progress V11 Mobile Apps for Integration to Advantzware.
                    This project will be after the Ipad Shopping Cart App is Completed.
                    
I-P-T-A  10161305 E New IPAD Signed BOL App - Data File Generation with Tester
                    ASI to Download BOL data for use by truck driver using IPAD.
                    New Ipad App with Signature will allow scanning and signing BOL.
                    The Truck Driver will present ASI Bill of Lading with Bar Coded BOL#.
                    Driver will Scan BOL# the 
                    Present Ipad for Customer to Sign on Drews Signature App.
                    ASI will then reassemble the ASI Bill of Lading and Combine the Signature.
                    The combined BOL with Signature will display when Printing or Emailing.
                    
                    Apple Ipad Signature upon Truck Delivery to Auto Generated Signed BOL
                    Apple Ipad App for Signature on Bill of Lading.
                    This will only capture the signature.
                    ASI programming will then merge the signature with the printed Bill of Lading Form.
                    The requires placing the Signature in the Space Alotted on the Bill of Lading Form.
                    Each Form must be programmed separately.
                    Once merging the signature with the printed Bill of Lading.
                    Program will Save the file under the N-K-1 BOLSIGN  folder.
                    The Folder is listed on the Description Field.
                    
                    Once this is Done.
                    Batch emailing Invoices can attach the signed bill of lading via the IPAD Signature App.
                    Batch Emailing Logic is Task# 01191317.
I-P-T-A  11041305 E New IPAD Signed BOL App - Get BOL signature image from Web service -TE
                    1) Generate a test procedure to validate that BOL signature image file can be retrieved, on deman
                    d, from the Web Service, to the Advantzware server.
                    2) Update the BOL Header with a "Signed" flag, if the retrieval was successful.
                    3) Print BOL with image embedded in the signature location if BOL is flagged as "Signed" and a si
                    gnature jpg exists.
I-P-T-A  12101302 E New IPAD Signed BOL App - Suppress FTP Console
                    FTPs for the updloading of XML/JSON and the MGET of the signature images needs to not display the
                     cmd console when executing.
I-P-T-A  12101303 E New IPAD Signed BOL App - Fetched signature image doesn't render in BO
                    Doing a print/reprint on a BOL that was signed by the BOL ipad app doesn't show up in the printed
                     BOL.
                    the xprint tag appears to be created correctly, but the image doesn't show.
I-P-T-A  12101306 E New IPAD Signed BOL App - Add "Signed" flag to BOL Header Viewer
                    Add a toggle called "Signed" to the BOL Header viewer.
                    
                    This should be controlled by the value of spare-int-1.
                    
                    Override this should act as follows:
                    If user checks this manually, check to see that a signature image exists locally.  If it doesn't,
                     check the web service for that specific BOL.  If it does not exist in either location, present a
                     warning message that says "Signature image does not exist.  Do you want to mark BOL as signed an
                    yway?" (yes/no). 
                    
                    If user uncheks this manually, check to see if an image exists locally or on the web-service.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  84

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    If it does, ask the user if they want to delete the image:
                    "A signature has been captured for this BOL.  Do you want to delete it?" (yes/no)
                    Hitting yes will remove the local image file.
I-R-1-   02061207 E IR1 New Group Selection  ($50 per Hour)
                    Print Selection Screen
                    Add new selection criteria
                    
                    From Group __________     To  Group  ____________________
                    
                    From Class  __________     To Class   ____________________
                    
I-R-1-   04171409 E N-K Reports = IR1  - DEFAULT Button
                    N-K-1 Reports.
                    New View Form = IR1
                    
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when IR1 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
I-R-1-   05141401 E N-K Reports  View Form = IR1
                    Selectable Fields.
                    1) Add new Field called WhsDays
                         This will be the number of warehouse days from the Customer File.
                    2) Add Field called Last Ship from Orders View Screen.
                    
                    
I-R-1-   07301405 E N-K REPORTS IR1 Logical = Yes - Add columns to IR1 & match old IR1 opt
                    Add the following columns:
                    
                    1) Last Ship -   Change Logic to Print the S Transaction with the most recent Date.
                        (Current Logic prints the Orders View Last Ship Date)
                       (The latest "S" transaction in the History tab of the item).
                     
                    2) PO Due Date - Earliest Due Date of any open POs for the item.  
                        This would be the Due Date on the Items Detail in PU1.
                    
                    3) Job Due Date - Similarly, for manufactured items, this should be the earliest Job Due Date for
                     any open jobs for that item.
                    
                    4) Add the following columns that are on the old report's EXCEL output.
                     - Customer #
                     - Sales Rep
                     - Cost
                     - Cost UOM
                    
                    Add the toggle box option to print dashes between lines that existed in the OLD IR1 report.  "Pri
                    nt Dashes Between Lines"
I-R-1-   10021210 E ReOrder Advice by Warehouse ($20,000)  Must Run util/crtfgloc.r
                    REORDER ADVISE REPORT BY WAREHOUSE  and Database Changes by Warehouse- 
                    New Toggle Box   ___ ReOrder Level by Whse     This will be the new Report as Follows:
                    Premier has 15 locations and the same FG Items that are stocked in all 15 locations.  Shipment vo
                    lume are unique by location.   For example, Louisville may ship 50,000 12x12x12 boxes per month s
                    o may have Reorder Level of 10,000, whereas Tennesee may only ship 10,000 per month so may have R
                    eorder Level of 2,000.   Existing INVENTORY folder only has one Reorder level, one Minimum Qty, o
                    ne One Hand Balance, One On Order, One Allocated and One Qty Available, etc..   New database tabl
                    e will house reOrder levels and balances by warehouse.  Every program that updates on order, on h
                    and, allocated and available must be changed to also update the new Warehouse Table. 
                    1)  Add Shipto Warehouse  to O-U-1 Release Folder, which will import from A-F-1 Shipto File Wareh
                    ouse.   
                    2) Adding, changing and deleting item in O-U-1 ITEM folder now updates QTY ALLOCATED field in I-F
                    -1 INVENTORY.  Add, Change, Delete buttons on O-U-1 Releases will update Quantity Allocated by Wa
                    rehouse based on Scheduled Quantity.
                    3) Posting finished goods receipts, transfers and adjustments will update new Whse Table.
                    4) Purchase Orders for Finished Goods must update On Order by new I-F-1 Whse Table.  
                        PO for Drop Shippments to Customer Ship TO will house the WHSE Location to Update.
                    5) Bill of lading POST program currently reduces the I-F-1 INVENTORY folder but must  also       
                         reduce the On Hand Quanity of the new Warehouse Table based on Whs and Bin on O-S1.  However
                    , this must also reduce the Quantity Allocated by Warehouse based on the O-U-1 Release Tab as thi
                    s was the warehouse originally Allocated.
                    6) The warehouse location must be added to the Vendor File for FG Receipts by PO .
                    7) Finally, Copy I-R-1 and create new Reorder vice report by Warehouse to show items below     th
                    e Reorder Level just for that warehouse.  For examaple if Louisville Whse is below 10000,     ite
                    m 12x12x12 will print on the report when Sorting by Louisville.   Likewise, if Tennesee is     be
                    low 2000, then item 12x12x12 will print on the Reorder Report when sorting by Tennessee. 
I-R-1-   10081407 E N-K REPORTS View Form IR1 Logical = Yes -   Inactive Items Toggle Box
                    Add new Toggle Box
                    Copy Toggle Box from I-R-2 called     Include  Inactive Items  ___
                    
                    When unchecked, this should bypass 50% of the FG Items in the Premier DB.
                    This should speed up this report.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  85

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    The I-F-1 Active/Inactive Field should be at the begining of the search for FG items.
                    
                    Also,.
                    When running the report, the program sits there for 1-2 minutes.
                    Or is shows Not Responding.
                    
                    Add a Window at the Bottom like I-R-2 that shows the FG item beingin processed.
I-R-1-0  09301407 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = I-R-10  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8)  Make Customer Code another column on the report just like the other fields.  
                    9)  Print Underlines under each Heading on new Report.
                    
                    
                    
                    
I-R-1-1  09301408 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = I-R-11  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8)  Remove theToggle Box =  Detailed  
                          and include all the fields as selectable columns
                    9)  Remove the Toggle Box = Show Last Shipment Date and Days.
                          Add the fields that print on this toggle box as available columns.
                    
                    
                    
                    
I-R-1-2  03101110 E Aged inventory to be by warehouse/bin/tag
                    2)  Look at the time it takes to run this report now please and see if we can increase the time i
                    t takes to process. (Did not find anything to speed up).
                    
                    3)  Increase the item# size on the selection parmeter screen. (Done)
                    
                    Another Task was written to print Only ON HAND aging.
I-R-1-2  04121115 E Add Bin Field to the parameters
                    Add BIN location in between the warehouse fields and the inventory class field.
                    This would allow them to search by different BINs.
                    
                    ASI Notes:
                    This only to add Field on report.
                    Adding to Print Selection Screen as Range FROM Bin  TO BIN  is not included in this quote.
I-R-1-2  09231309 E New Toggle Box.  ___  Include Inactive Itemss
                    Running Report on Premier DB in our office takes over 2 hours or More.  
                    After 1 Hour, 45 Minutes, I terminated report.
                    
                    Program Works but change Lable and Reverse Logic.
                    Menu Shows Exclude Inactive Items.
                    
                    Change this to _____ Include Inactive Items
                    
                    New Toggle Boxes  at Top of Screen.
                     ____  Include Inactive Items.
                    
                    Yes / Checked will include.
                    Not / Not Checked will not Include.
                    
                    If ____ Include Inactive is Checked, then program will recalculate the Inactive Items.
                    If ____ Include Inactive is Not Checked, then the program will skip the Inactive Items.
I-R-1-2  09301409 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Val = I-R-12 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    Custom Only
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  86

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8)  Remove theToggle Box = 
                          Customer Part#
                          Last Shipment,
                          Ect
                          Add as available Fields on the Report
                    
                    
                    
                    
I-R-1-2  11091201 E N-K IR12    Logical Value to Print Standard or Custom Report
                    Character Value = zzz will be the User ID for the Standard Report.
                    Standard Report Options = AS OF DATE,  SALES REP RANGE and AGE DAYS.
                    Logical Value = YES  When Clicking IR12  Menu Option STANDARD or CUSTOM will appear.
                    Custom will be the existing report by User ID Logged in.
                    Standard will the the default settings for User ID defined in the Character Value such as ZZZ.
                    Both Reports will have new options   (See Attached)
                    1  Print Column Heading Rep as 1st field of every line on report
                    2. Print Customer Name as 2nd field of every line on report
                    3, Days Old Column will print Column Heading in two Lines to Save Space for REP
                         Days
                         Old
                    4. Print  Sales Rep SubTotals _____    NO will not print Salesperson subtotals
                    5. Print Grand Totals  ______   Yes will print Grand Totals Value Only at Bottom.
                         Every Age Column will Print the Value Only.
                         Every Column as Value will Show Percentage under each Column
                         Grand total line2 prints ratio of each aging column vs grand selling value as a %
                    
                    User ID = ZZZ  will login, run IR12 and set all standard Report Options.
                    All Other Users that Select STANDARD Report will see ZZZ Report Options, However
                    They will not be able to Update the following IR12 toggles:
                    1. Beginning Customer#    Ending Customer#.     Standard Default wll be _____ To zzzzzzzz
                    2. Beginning Item#               Ending Item#.               Standard Default wll be _____ To zzz
                    zzzzz
                    3. Beginning Job#                 Ending Job#.               Standard Default wll be _____ To zzz
                    zzzzz
                    4. Beginning Warehouse   Ending Warehouse.   Standard Default wll be _____ To zzzzzzzz 
                    5. Beginning Bin                     Ending Bin.                   Standard Default wll be _____ 
                    To zzzzzzzz
                    6. Always Blank for Inventory Classes.                    Standard Default wll be _____ 
                    7. Print Quantity
                    8. Print Average Price
                    9. Print Comments
                    10. Sort Item#  Customer Part#
                    11. Include Customer Owned Warehouse
                    12. Page Break By Customer
                    13. Print Customer Part#
                    14. Print Cost
                    15. Exclude Negative Sell Value from Totals
                    16. Subtotal Value By Customer
                    17. Print Last Shipment Date
                    
I-R-1-2  11171001 E Add the customer part#, items and also last sale date to the I-R-12 re
                    Customer would like the option to add the customer part # from IF1 View Item tab to the report.
                    Report must sort first by customer (after sorting by sales rep which it already does)
                    Add radio set for second sort, by item # or customer part #.
                    
                    Add toggle box to add item's last ship date to the report.  
                    The item's last ship date will come from the finished good item's most recent shipment.  
                    Look at IF1 history tab, most recent transaction "S".  
                    FIND LAST fg-rcpth NO-LOCK
                                   WHERE fg-rcpth.company   EQ cocode
                                     AND fg-rcpth.i-no      EQ itemfg.i-no
                                     AND fg-rcpth.rita-code EQ "S" NO-ERROR.  fg-rcpth.trans-date is ship date.
                    
I-R-1-3  09301410 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = I-R-13  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  87

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
I-R-1-4  09301415 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = I-R-14  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    ***) Remove Toggle boxes for Qty and MSF and include both as Available Fields to Print.
                    
                    
I-R-1-5  09301416 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = I-R-15  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    
                    
I-R-2-   01021405 E N-K REPORTS   IR2 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,   View Form Tab     
                    Character Value = IR2   Logical Value = Yes  Report with user Selected Fields.
                    Sort by Product Category.
                    This should page break when new Category starts to Print.
                    
                    TO TEST
                    Print for Customer HEW1000 to HEW1000.
                    Click Sort by Product Category.
                    You will see the category Boxes prints then on Page 2-3 the category FC prints without a page Bre
                    ak.
                    
                    
                    MOD.
                    New Togge Box under the Sort Options.
                    ___Page Break   When this is not checked, the report will not page break.
                                                      When his is check, this will start a new Page for each Product 
                    Category
                                                       when sort by Category is also checked..
                    
                    Likewise    Pagebreak will also page break when sorting by Whse/Bin.
I-R-2-   01101401 E N-K REPORTS   IR2 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,   View Form Tab     
                    Character Value = IR2   Logical Value = Yes  Report with user Selected Fields.
                    
                    Add Sales Rep as Selectable Field.
                    This will pull the Sales Rep from the Customer File for the Customer Assigned to the I-F-1 Invent
                    ory File.
                    
                    Please note, any changes of Sales Rep to Order or Invoice will not be imported. 
I-R-2-   01171401 E N-K REPORTS   IR2 Logical Value = YES  ___ Include Inactive Items
                    See Attached.
                    N-K-1 Reports,   View Form Tab     
                    Character Value = IR2   Logical Value = Yes  Report with user Selected Fields.
                    
                    1)   This should improve the processing time of the report.
                           Add new Option.
                           ___  Include Inactive Items
                                     When this is not checked On IR2,  then items the all INACTIVE will be excluded f
                    rom                   the report.  Report will skip all items that are Inactive.
                    2)  Also, change Label for MSF ON HAND =  MSF OH  
                          This will save space on report
I-R-2-   01221409 E N-K REPORTS   IR2 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,   View Form Tab   I-R-2
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  88

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    We added Sales Rep as Selectable Field to Report.
                    See Attached.
                    
                    1)  Add to Print Selection Range
                         From Sales Rep _________   To Sales Rep    ______________
                    
                    
                    This Report prints the Rep on the Report.
                    The Program finds the Customer on the FG Item File then finds the Sales Rep on the Customer File.
                       The program will not search for a sales rep in order entry, if the bin/jobs does not have a jo
                    b.  If will only search the Customer File.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
I-R-2-   04141410 E N-K REPORTS   IR2 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,   
                    View Forms IR2 Logical Value = Yes.
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when I-R-2 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
                         
I-R-2-   05061003 E Wants new option for report.
                    The report lists every Tag in every Bin.  Customer wants the option to be able to print the repor
                    t in summary, without TAG#s, listing each bin once with the Total Quantity in the Bin (see attach
                    ment).
                    
                    (AH) i need a copy of parameter screen user usually enters for this report.
                    
                    Attached 6/8 - Pat
                    
                    (AH) added toggle box option 'Print Summary by Bin Qty'
I-R-2-   05211205 E Duplicate Customer Code, FG Item and Customer Part# on Each Line
                    Advantzware report SHOULD NOT be changed.
                    Only output for Excel should be changed.
                    
                    Copy Customer Code, FG Item and Customer Part# for Each Line.
                    See Attached.
                    The output to excel shows the Customer Code, FG Item Code and Customer Part Number one time for a
                    ll the tags numbers.
                    
                    They want this data duplicated on each line.
                    
                    
                    
I-R-2-   05231403 E N-K Reports = YES, View Form IR2 = YES - Add Days Old column
                    Add Days Old as a selectable column on the IR2 report.
                    This will be the count of calendar days between the date of receipt and the "as of" date of the r
                    eport.
I-R-2-   06101006 E Print summary by bin quantity
                    Change this to summarize by bin and Job.  So only summarize if there are multiple tags for a job.
                      If the job is blank, then only show the one line.
                    
I-R-2-   06151202 E Output to Excell Only.  Add Column called Days Old
                    Advantzware Report will not be changed.
                    Only output for Excel will be changed.
                    
                    When checking Toggle Box "Print Receipt Date"  
                    Add new column called Days Old.
                    Calculate the Age from Receipt Date to the AS OF Date on the report parameter.
                    
                    
                    
I-R-2-   11211106 E Add FG Lot# to Report and Excel  (Task Assigned to SAB)
                    Make the following mods to the columns of the IR2 (see attachment):
                    Rearrange Print Selection to resemble O-R-2.
                    1)  We will add a column for Sort Options.
                    2)  We will add multiple columns for Output Options.
                    3)  Under Output, Add Separate Box for 
                          Sell Value & PO#  ___            !    FG Lot#  _____     Only one of the two can be checked
                    
                         From FG ___   Order  ____     !
                    4)  When checking Sell Value (Existing Logic)  
                          The last two columns will print Sell Value and Line PO will print.
                    5)  When checking FG Lot#, the Sell Value and PO Line will not print.
                          The FG Lot# will print between "Tag #" and "Receipt Date".
                    
                    The point is if the user checks Print PO#, the Print Sell Price are automatically checked.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  89

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    If I check the Sell Price, then either the From FG or From Order# must be checked
                    Therefore,
                    If I check FG Lot#, the Other Fields must be Unchecked.
                    Put all these fields in one Block 
                    Please note, this must be added to OUTPUT TO EXCEL also.
I-R-2-   12121309 E N-K REPORTS   IR2 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,   View Form Tab       (See Existing Output to Excel for New Format)
                    Character Value = IR2   Logical Value = NO  will be the Original Report.
                    Character Value = IR2   Logical Value = Yes will be new Report with user Selected Fields.
                    New Columns Selectable by User  
                    Customer will be able to select fields to print on report.
                    Customer will be able to add/remove columns.
                    Customer will be able to resequence columns.
                    Report will have same Sort and Print Range options as original Report.
                    Existing Fields will be availale to select for Report.
                    1)  Add new field  = Last Sale.    This will be the Date of the Last Invoice for this Item.
                    2)  Add new field  = FG Cat        This will be FG Product Category  from I-F-1 File.
                    2)  Toggle Box: Print SubTotals (This will still SubTotal but Print Heading and Total.
                          Totals either Print totals per MSF or QTY 
                         Column Heading will print =  Item Total, Cust Total,  Grand Total
                    3) Remove Toggle Box Print Receipt Data and ADD Fields to Available Columns that Print
                    4) Remove Toggle Box Print Customer Part# and ADD Field Cust Part# to Available Column
                    5) Remove Toggle Box Print Actual Release Qty? and ADD Field Release Qty to Select 
                    6) Remove Toggle Box Print FG Lot# and ADD Field Release Qty to Select Column
                    7) Remove Toggle Box Print PO# and ADD Fields
                         ViewPO#, LinePO# and Release PO#  to the Select Columns Button
                    8) Remove Toggle Box Print Sell Price ADD Fields    FG Price and Order Price
                    9) Remove Toggle Box Print Qty or MSF and Add Both fields to Available Columns to Select.
I-R-2-   12311302 E N-K REPORTS   IR2 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,   View Form Tab     
                    Character Value = IR2   Logical Value = Yes  Report with user Selected Fields.
                    New Columns Selectable by User  
                    See  Attached.
                    The Grand Total is for Specific Fields Selected then User Puts Fields is a Sequence.
                    
                    Write Logic to Print the Totals under the Correct Column Heading.
                    The Grand Total Qty on Hand should find the Column Number on the User Selectable Reports.  In thi
                    s example, it is column 4
                    Toal MSF is Column 5
                    Total Cost is Column 11   
                    
                    Change Logic to Print the Totals under the Correct Field in the Correct Column 
                    
I-R-3-   01231201 E Add Toggle Boxes __Active , __Inactive, or __All parameter to IR3 repo
                    Add print parameter option to IR3 report of printing FG's with status:  
                    Active , Inactive, or All (see attachments).
                    User can check one or both to print only Active, Only Inactive or Both.
I-R-3-   02061210 E Add new column for inactive or active.
                    Add I/A Colum on report.
                    This will represent Inactive or Active
                    Field will show I or A only.
                    Add to end of report.
I-R-3-   09301402 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = I-R-3  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (I-R-3) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
I-R-4-   09301403 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = I-R-4  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (I-R-4) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
I-R-5-   09221404 E N-K Reports View Forms Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  90

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    Add the Following new Fields to the Report I-R-5  
                    
                    1)  SRep   (This will be the Sales Rep Code)
                    2)  Rep Name  ( Sales Rep Name)
                    3)  Customer Name
                    4)  Total Cost       (This Currently Prints on the Report.  This will Available Field to Exclude)
                    
                    5)  Total Value    (This Currently Prints on the Report.  This will Available Field to Exclude)
I-R-6-   09301404 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = I-R-6  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (I-R-6) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
I-R-6-   10151006 E Add new print parameter.
                    Customer wants Beginnning User ID and Ending User ID to be a parameter for the IR6.  The User ID 
                    would be the Last User in the Order.
                    This would then look at only orders within the userid range they enter
                    
                    ESP:  Doesn't look at orders, can't be done.
I-R-7-   09301405 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = I-R-7  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
I-R-8-   09301406 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = I-R-8  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
I-R-9-   04141411 E N-K Reports  View Form =  IR9 Logical Value = Yes
                    N-K-1 Reports,   
                    View Forms IR9 Logical Value = Yes.
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when I-R-9 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
I-R-9-   12041304 E N-K Reports View Form - Business Form =  IR9 Logical Value = YES.
                    N-K-1 Reports,   View Form Tab       (See Existing Output to Excel for New Format)
                    Character Value = IR 9  Logical Value = NO  will be the Original Report.
                    Character Value = IR9   Logical Value = Yes will be new Report with user Selected Fields.
                    New Columns Selectable by User  
                    Customer will be able to select fields, add/remove columns and resequence columns.
                    Report will have same Sort and Print Range options as original Report.
                    Existing Fields will be availale to select for Report.
                    
                    New Fields as Available Fields to Select to Print 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  91

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                (Pull Data from Estimate# on I-F-1 or Pull from Last Job# for Estimate in I-F-1)
                    Style,  Box L, Box W, Box D  (Pull from I-F-1)
                    Case W, Case L, Case D,  (Pull from Last Job# for Estimate in I-F-1)
                    Unit Count,  
                    Board Code,  Board Name  
                    Caliper,  
                    Ink Code1, Ink Code2, Ink Code3, Ink Code4, Ink Code5, Ink Code6,
                    Ink Code7, Ink Code8, Ink Code9, Ink Code10, Ink Code11, Ink Code12,, 
                    Ink Name1, Ink Name2, Ink Name3, Ink Name4, Ink Name5, Ink Name6,
                    Ink Name7, Ink Name8, Ink Name9, Ink Name10, Ink Name11, Ink Name12
                    Job#    (Last Job Only)
                    PO#,    (From Order Items Tab from last Job Only /  Same data as Job Card)
I-U-1-   01191318 E N-K FGRecptPassWord Security Password - Add Receipt without Job# or PO
                    N-K-1 FGRecptPassWord
                    Password for override of requirement to enter a job # or PO# in I-U-1
                    
                    N-K-1 FGRecpt 
                    Logical value = NO does not validate PO# or Job# on the I-U-1 Receipt Screen.
                    Logical value = YES forces a PO# or Job# on the I-U-1 Receipt Screen.
                    Premier wants to set this flag to YES.
                    However, there are exceptions when they do not want to require either Job# or PO#.
                    
                    New NK1 FGRecptPassWord
                    New Logic to Prompt for Password to all adding FG Receipt without PO# or Job#
                    Logical Value = Yes will prompt for Password when N-K-1 FGRecpt Logical value = Yes.
                    Character Value = Password.
                    
                    If User adds Receipt without Job# or Password, program will prompt for Password.
                    Record will not be added unless Valid Password is entered.
I-U-1-   02111402 E N-K FGSetAssembly  Logic for Assembled Set Components
                    N-K-1 FGSetAssembly =  New Assembled Set Receipt Logic.  Menu Keys I-F-1 Finished Goods File:  To
                    ggle Box Set Header?  and Assembled?  are both Checked.
                    Reason for the Business Logic.  Components are produced at Plant A then Transferred to Plant B fo
                    r assembly.  Pallet Tags are stored in various bin locations in Plant B.   Pallet Tags must be tr
                    ansferred to the Plant Floor Bin called Assembly.   Only the tags transferred to Assembly should 
                    be subtracted from On hand when the Set Receipts are Received On Hand.
                    
                    Character Value = ASSEMBLY  is the Bin Location of all Set Components that are consummed and Disp
                    layed on the FG Receipts SET PARTS Tab.  For each Warehouse that assembles SETS and use the N-K-1
                     FGSetAssembly logoc must have a bin location called ASSEMBLY.   This will be the bin location th
                    at set components are consummed when receiving Sets.
                    
                    Logical Value = No will use existing Logic that pulls random inventory.
                    Logical Value = YES will turn on this new logic for Adding receipts for assembled sets.
                    Both O-U-7 Loadtag creation and  I-U-1 Set Receipts will Recieve the Set to the warehouse and bin
                     location based on existing logic.   However, the Components Warehouse will default to the Sets W
                    arehouse.   But, the components Bin Location will first search on hand Pallet Tags from the Bin L
                    ocation called ASSEMBLY.   If there is insufficent component inventory in the Assembly Bin Locati
                    on, the program will import existing bin Locations.     However, I-U-5 Inventory Posting will not
                     post set receipts or components unless all components have the Assembly Bin locations.  The I-U-
                    5 Posting report will show the message,  "Component Assembly Bin Location is Required"  and they 
                    will not Post until Componetns Bin = Assembly.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
I-U-1-   03311011 E Add new field called FG Lot# throughout files to update History ($75/H
                    Add new field called FG Lot# on finished goods receipts.  (fg-rctd.stack-code)
                    Add new field called FG Lot# on finished goods history file. (fg-rdtlh.stack-code)
                    Add new field called FG Lot#  on the O-U-7 loadtag work file to right of pallet weight.
                    Add new field called FG Lot# on the Finished Goods Load Tag File (loaded from OU7). Change field 
                    called Lot# in Case Label File to be FG Lot#.
                    (loadtag.misc-char[2])
                    
                    New adding new receipt via I-U-1, customer can type Lot#.
                    When N-k-1 FGRecept character value is LOADTAG, the OU7 menu will create finished goods receipts.
                      The new field called Lot# will transfer to the finished goods receipt line directly from the O-
                    U-7 temp file field called Lot#.
                    
                    Case Labels can be Scanned to Create Pallet Tags.
                    Pallet Tags are used to Create FG Receipts via Sharp Shooter.
                    The field has been added to 
                    O-U-10 Case Label from previous Mod.
                    Plus then following files.
                    O-U-7 LoadTag Creation
                    Sharp Shooter Loadtag file.
                    Advantzware I-U-1 Receipts File.
                    Sharp Shooter Receipts and Move Folder.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  92

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Advantzware I-F-1 History Folder.
                     
I-U-1-   05131401 E Set Parts Tab  - Receiving Screens - Add Select Bins/Tags Button
                    Selecting the appropriate bins/tags from which to relieve component inventory when receiving a se
                    t header is a time consuming process.   This modification will create a "Select Bins/Tags" button
                    , similar to the function that is available in OS1 and OT1.
                    
                    Component bins will be automatically selected when a set header is received in I-U-1.  The N-K-1 
                    FGSETASSEMBLY logic will pull from bin locations specified in the character value of this NK1 whi
                    ch may be used to pull component from a staging area location called ASSEMBLY.  This mod would be
                     in addition to the automatic bin selection process and will allow the user to change component b
                    in/tag locations quickly and easily.
                    
                    When the user selects one of the lines in the Set Parts tab and hits the Select Bin/Tags button, 
                    a multi-select browse window will pop-up, listing all on-hand bins for the selected component ite
                    m.  The window should have a running tally of the total qty selected next to the total qty needed
                    .  All validation that exists in the OS1 "Select Bin/Tags" button should apply to this new button
                    .
                    
                    Note:  This button should only apply to Assembled Sets.  Furthermore, for Assembled with Parts re
                    ceipts, only purchased components should allow this selection, since manufactured items have a "w
                    ash" transaction of receipt and reduction in inventory.
I-U-1-   06151208 E N-K FGPOTAG# to Automatically Assign Tag#
                    N-K FGPOTAG# to Automatically Assign Tag#
                    Parameter for I-U-1 Finished Goods Receipts for Purchase Orders.
                    Copy logic for assigning the Tag# from O-U-7 when checking the Toggle Box "Purchased Item Receipt
                    " then Creating the Load Tag.
                    
                    Logical Value = NO  will not assign a Tag number to the I-U-1 Receipt.
                    Logical Value = YES will assign a Tag number  to the I-U-1 Receipt.   
                    
                    When manually adding a finished goods receipt with a purchase order number.  
                    Format will the FG Item Code for total of 15 characters plus Sequential Number exactly like O-U-7
                     creates Tags for PO's.
                    
                    For example, add receipt for PO 101658 via O-U-7 and check the toggle box on the top right called
                     "Purchased Item Receipt".   This  will create the tag number 10X10X10       00157.  The program 
                    will assign a unique tag number for each receipt transaction line rather than by the pallet.  Fir
                    st 15 characters will be FG Item code with spaces.  Next 5 numbers will a sequential number.
                    
I-U-1-   07061104 E Add order quantity to "F1" lookup on ITEM field when entering receipt
                    See Attached.
                    Click I-U-1.
                    Clcik ADD button to add receipt.
                    Tab to PO# field and Press F1 on PO#.
                    
                    1)  Add purchase order quantity between PO# and Item#.
                    2)   Expand windos to show more fields.
                    3)   Add Scroll Bar at Bottom to show more Fields if needed.
                    
                    This is how they will check to see if the amount coming in is compete or not.
I-U-1-   08091107 E N-K RFIDTAG   To Import RFID Receipt from 3rd Party Vendor File
                    New N-K-1 RFIDTAG parameter.
                    REALVIEW is the product that tracks the RFID monitor and generates the text files my program proc
                    esses.  
                    ***************** Create desktop icon *******************
                    Target:  C:\Progress\OpenEdge\bin\prowin32.exe -pf .\nosweat.pf -basekey INI -ininame .\progress.
                    ini  -p ./rfid/desktop.p
                    Start In:  p:\asi10test\rco1010
                    *************************************************************
                    Logical Value = YES will be used to turn logic on to search for RFID tag.
                    Character Value Field = House the Location of the Text File to Import.
                    
                    Load Tag creation will create a finished goods load tags which will have a new field called RFID 
                    Tag.  AS I Task# 11221003 is required to modify Load Tag program to create a unique 12 digit RFID
                     tag#.   This will then provide a new RFID Tag# as a cross reference to our internal bar coded ID
                     code.  The ASI internal bar code number is the index to the Loadtag file.
                    The ASI Loadtag file has all the necessary data including Finished Goods Item Code, Job#, Order#,
                     Customer code, PO#, Item Name, Item Description, Number of Units, Quantity per Unit, Cases per P
                    allet, etc.   The 3rd Party Software by Miles Technology will create a text file that includes th
                    e transaction type, RFID number, warehouse and location.  (See Attached)
                    This text file will have a transaction type of R for Receipt and T for Transfer.
                    This will be assigned based on the zone that RFID Reader is located. 
                    A new ASI program will be written to load finished goods receipt records from a text file downloa
                    ded by the RFID Scanner / Software.
                    
                    This text file will be read automatically when a new record is added.
                    If the transaction is a RECEIPT, this record will be written into the Advantzware I-U-1 menu scre
                    en, then simultaneously posted.  
                    Automatic posting programs exist via the O-U-7 in conjunction with N-K-1 SSPOSTFG logic.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  93

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I-U-1-   09231401 E Set Parts Tab - Receiving Screens - Select Bins/Tags Button Totals Inc
                    Example set header AMAZIN44716SH, tag 00043
                    Part with wrong initial assembly total
                      "-4" component (17,800 from one bin)
                    
                    User selected other bins, yet the total includes the 17,800 from a bin previously selected. Modif
                    iy program so that the total shown is only from the tags highlighted on the screen.
                    
                    The result will be that previously selected tags will be removed from the components tab if the u
                    ser later selects different tags.
I-U-1-   09241301 E Default date for new receipt to the receipt date of last added receipt
                    Default the Date to the Date of the last Sequence Numbered Receipt.
                    If no other unposted receipt transactions exist, the current date will appear when pressing the A
                    DD Button.     If an unposted receipt record exists the date of the last receipt added will be th
                    e date of the new transaction when the ADD button is pressed.
                    For example,  on January 3rd, transactions may need to be added for December 31.
                    User adds a receipt and date defaults to January 3, but this is changed to December 31.
                    ADD button of all new transactions will default to December 31. 
                    
I-U-1-   10101406 E N-K FGSetAssembly  -  Limit to only ASSEMBLY bins
                    N-K-1 FGSetAssembly Logical = YES.
                    This mod will change the logic used to select component bins when receiving an assembled set head
                    er in I-U-1, SharpShooter, and OU7 (when Set Header receipts are automatically created - NOTE: Pr
                    emier does not activate this option).
                    
                    When FGSetAssembly is YES, *ONLY* components that are in the specified assembly bin (FGSetAssembl
                    y char value) and in a warehouse that matches the warehouse of the set header receipt should be c
                    onsidered on-hand for the purposes of relieving component inventory.  No other bin locations shou
                    ld ever appear on the Set Parts tab in IU1 or SS.
                    
                    Additionally, upon receiving and saving a set header today, a pop-up will launch, warning the use
                    r that there is insufficient component inventory.
                    This exists today, however a new improved pop-up will display each component showing:
                    Component ID, Component Name, Qty/Set, Required Qty, Qty On-hand
                    Components with insufficient inventory will be highlighted in yellow.
                    
                    When FGSetAssembly is YES, there will be NO option to create a set header receipt for a qty less 
                    than what is being originally received.  Hitting OK on the message will simply NOT save the recei
                    pt line and return the user back to the receipt application, ready to add (IU1) or scan (SS) the 
                    next receipt.
                    
I-U-1-   10271403 E Add *Wildcard* search on FG Receipts
                    Click ADD to Add Receipt.
                    
                    Add *Wildcard* Search to all fields on the following Fields.
                    1)  F1 on  PO#
                         Vendor Item#
                         Item#    (This is the Finished Goods Item from Open PO's)
                         Search for *Bubble*
                    
                    2)  F1 on  Job#
                         Item#    (This is the Finished Goods Item from Open PO's)
                         Estimate#    (Search for *2297*
                         Customer     (Search for *ATT*
                    
                    
I-U-1-   11111306 E Add F1 Lookup on Tag# for SET PARTS Tab
                    See Attached.  Set Item Miller Ale.  The I-F-1 Inventory Tab has the Toggle Box checked for
                    Assembled with Parts.   This automatically creates a + and - quantity for each component.
                    
                    Add Receipt for Tag#  MILLER ALE     00001.
                    Change Quantity to 1 Unit at 1000 per Unit.
                    This will add components on the Set Parts Tab.
                    
                    Click SET PARTS.
                    Click UPDATE button.
                    Tab to TAG#.
                    Press F1  and nothing happens.
                    
                    Add Logic to display the bin/jobs on hand from I-F-1 tab.
                    Popup selection should look and work similar to BIN/TAGS button under O-T-1 or O-S-1.  Sselecting
                     Bin/Tags.
                    
                    
                    
I-U-1-   12051302 E FG Receipt to Trasnfers Tags FG Lot#
                    See Attached Sample.
                    Click I-U-1
                    Tab to Tag# field and Paste Tag# =   RED BOX        00001 
                    This will transfer the data from the Sharp Shooter Loadtag file.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  94

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    However, the FG Lot# is blank.
                    
                    The FG Lot# in the Loadtag should be transferred to the Receipt Screen.
I-U-1-   12061305 E FG Receipt to Trasnfer Job# and Cost
                    See Attached Sample.
                    Click I-U-1
                    If I click I-U-1 and Skip the Tag# and type in Job# 207113, the item and cost import correctly.
                    Click I-U-1
                    Click ADD Button.
                    Tab to Tag# field and Paste Tag# =   RED BOX        00001 
                    This will transfer the data from the Sharp Shooter Loadtag file.
                    The Job# from the Loadtag should be transferred to the Receipt Screen.
                    Once the Job# is displayed, the Cost should transfer from the
                    I-F-1 Job/Bins File.
                    
                    
                    ALSO.
                    There is a Field called COSTS.
                    Change the Label to Frt Cost
                    
I-U-1-   12131305 E Update J-U-1 FARM Tab via Finished Goods Receipts for PO with Job
                    FG Receipts with Vendor PO will also transfer the JOB# from the PO Line.
                    Posting FG Receipts will Update FARM Tab on the Job File
                    Test Job 207197 for Estimate 11524 which has 1 Farmed Item and 2 Manufactured.
                    Posting FG Receipts The New Farm Tab will have the Following Fields
                    
                    Total Actual Cost,   (Total Receipts for Job#  Cost EA )
                    Actual Cost/M          (Calculated as Total Cost / 1000) 
                    Please note, Receipts can occur over multiple days so the Total Cost will constantly change.
                    A separate Table will list all the Receipts for the FARM Item.
                    ACTUAL Costs Table 
                    FG Item Code
                    FG Item Name
                    Receipt / Issue Qty
                    Vendor PO#
                    Job#
                    Tag#
                    Cost, 
                    UOM, 
                    Whse, 
                    Bin, 
                    
I-U-1-0  04281406 E Add new IU10 Menu option - "Loadtag Creation"
                    This new menu will launch the Loadtag Creation screen that is also available in OU7.
I-U-2-   04131205 E N-K RFIDTAG   Not Working / Error Messages
                    We need definition of problem from Ron Stark.
                    He wants something changed 
                    oerep/r-ltpost.p
I-U-2-   08191107 E N-K RFIDTAG   To Import RFID Transfer from 3rd Party Vendor File
                    New N-K-1 RFIDTAG parameter.
                    REALVIEW is the product that tracks the RFID monitor and generates the text files my program proc
                    esses.  
                    ***************** Create desktop icon *******************
                    Target:  C:\Progress\OpenEdge\bin\prowin32.exe -pf .\nosweat.pf -basekey INI -ininame .\progress.
                    ini  -p ./rfid/desktop.p
                    
                    Start In:  p:\asi10test\rco1010
                    *************************************************************
                    Logical Value = YES will be used to turn logic on to search for RFID tag.
                    Character Value Field = House the Location of the Text File to Import.
                    Load Tag creation will create a finished goods load tags which will have a new field called RFID 
                    Tag.  AS I Task# 11221003 is required to modify Load Tag program to create a unique 24 digit RFID
                     tag#.   This will then provide a new RFID Tag# as a cross reference to our internal bar coded ID
                     code.  The ASI internal bar code number is the index to the Loadtag file.
                    The ASI Loadtag file has all the necessary data including Finished Goods Item Code, Job#, Order#,
                     Customer code, PO#, Item Name, Item Description, Number of Units, Quantity per Unit, Cases per P
                    allet, etc.   The 3rd Party Software by Miles Technology will create a text file that includes th
                    e transaction type, RFID number, warehouse and location.  (See Attached)
                    This text file will have a transaction type of R for Receipt and T for Transfer.
                    This will be assigned based on the zone that RFID Reader is located. 
                    
                    A new ASI program will be written to load finished goods TRANSFERS records from a text file downl
                    oaded by the RFID Scanner / Software.   This text file will be read automatically when a new reco
                    rd is added.  If the transaction is a TRANSFER, this record will be written into the Advantzware 
                    I-U-2 screen.   This text file will need RFID Tag#, From Warehouse, From Bin Location, TO Warehou
                    se, TO Bin Location.   Once transaction is import into I-U-2 transfers screen, then simultaneousl
                    y posted.    N-K-1 FGRecept character value = LOADTAG automatically creates FG Receipt.  Automati
                    c posting programs exist in O-U-7 via N-K-1 SSPOSTFG char value = Loadtag and logical Value = YES
                    .
I-U-2-   09071204 E Transfers by Tag Validation must be Improved
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  95

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    See Attached
                    Add new Columns to F1 Lookup on the Job# field.
                    Add Units and Units/Pallet.
                    
                    Also, the total Units Should Default to Transfer Screen.
                    IF Tag is in the FROM, then TO must have SAME Units as the TO number of  units.   ie.  You cannot
                     transfer a PARTIAL unit if a Tag Exists.   SS Transfer creates a New TAG#.
                    I-U-2 does not have this logic so we must prevent bad data.
                    
                    To Duplicate
                    Click I-U-2
                    F1 on Job and Type Item ATT-2297
                    On Job#, press F1 and select Job 1970-02 and tag ending in 00054.
                    This has 7 units, count is 500 and 25 units per pallet.
                    This should tranfer ot the TO Number.
                    Please note if TAG# is on Line, you cannot Change the Number of Units.
                    We do not allow a PARTIAL transfer if a Tag# exists.
                    We can only change the Wareshouse and Bin which allows a FULL Transfer.
                    
                    
                    Please note, LEO states the TO Tag does not transfer to the TO.
                    Works here.
                    Pat must confirm that he received the Tags otherwise there in nothing to Transfer. 
I-U-5-   01161406 E Post Finished Goods for Vendor PO's to Write PO# to Bins File
                    Post Finished Goods for Vendor PO's to Write PO# to Bins File
                    Add Receipt Bubble Wrap.
                    PO# 102328
                    PO# 102281
                    PO# 102159
                    
                    The Vendor PO# on the BIN Table should be Updated.
                    This should then be displayed when viewing the I-F-1 Bin/Jobs Tab
                    
                    
                    
I-U-5-   03181407 E N-K AUTOFGISSUE
                    N-K AUTOFGISSUE
                    
                    Logical Value YES will be existing logic. 
                    FG Receipts for Purhcase Order with Order for Job will immeditately update FARM History
                    
                    Logical Value NO will not immediately post. 
                    FG Receipts for Purchase Order with Order for Job will immeditately update FARM History
                    
I-U-5-   07221401 E FGPostUID.  New Security for User ID on Posting
                    See Attached
                    New Security called FGPostUserID.r
                    This will secure the User Id on the I-U-5  Finished Goods Posting Program.
                    When pressing I-U-5, the new security program will be automatically created.
                    The Default User ID will be an asterik *
                    
                    If the User ID is listed on the security program then that user may change the User ID on the fin
                    ished goods posting program.
                    If the user ID is not defined in the new security program then the USER ID cannot be updated.
                    Currently, when pressing I-U-5, the User ID defaults.
                    That logic will continue, however, they cannot change the user id.
                    The net result is that they will not be able to change the user id and post another users transac
                    tions.
I-U-5-   10181211 E N-K FGPost Integer Value = 1 Update / Create O-U-1 Release ($20,000 Co
                    Integer Value = 1, then the  I-U-5 Posting Finished Goods for Receipts will update Release Quanti
                    ty when Total Receipt Qty exceed Order Quantity.
                    This new logic will provide visibility to ship and invoice overruns that otherwise will become wa
                    ste and lost revenue.
                    Releases not processed will be overwritten with the Total Receipt Quantity.  
                    Releases that have been processed, then a new release will be created for the Receipt Qty less (O
                    rder Qty-Actual Released).
                    The Order Qty, Produced and Actual Release Qty quantities are displayed on the O-U-1 browser.
                    The following must criteria must exist to update the Release or to Create a New Release
                    1)  Job# exists on the Finished Goods Receipt Screen and
                    2)   Total Receipt Qty for Job# exceeds Order Quantity  
                    3)   Run & Ship Toggle Box = YES 
                    then 
                    If Release Status = "S", "I" or "L" or (A and not Printed) or (B and not Printed then) 
                    Total Finished Goods Quantity will replace the Release Quantity on  O-U-1 and O-T-1.
                    or
                    If Release Status is P, Z or C or (B and Printed) or (A and Printed) then
                    Program will create a new Release on the O-U-1 Release Folder for Total Receipt Qty less Total Re
                    lease Qty.
                    
                    Please note, O-U-1 Produced Qty is total Qty for all Receipts for all Tags for that Job.   
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  96

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    For Example. Job Qty = 14,500 and Order Qty = 12,000.  
                    The release will be automatically changed to 14,500.  
                    This will also update the O-T-1 release if the release is not printed.   
                    If the O-T-1 release is printed or if  the  Bill of Lading is created and Printed for 12,000, the
                    n 
                    FG Posting will create a new release. Qty = Total Produced less Actual Release. 
                    Please note this logic will use Actual Shipped Quantity to determine overrun quantity not shipped
                    .  
                    As another example.
                    
                    For example, a run and ship order for 12,000 has a release created for 12,000.  
                    As production stacks 4000 per pallet, a truck driver may be waiting at the dock for the boxes.  
                    Once 3 pallets of 4000 are created, the skids are loaded on the truck and the driver leaves the d
                    ock.  
                    However, the machine then loads another unit of 2,500 boxes that are an overrun are received into
                     inventory.   
                    At this point the system will create a new release for next day.
I-U-5-   11021207 E ReCalc Cost Toggle Box when Posting F.G. Feceipts ($20,000 Contract)
                    New Toggle Box on FG Post called "Recalc Cost? "   Yes/No (Check Box)
                          This will recalc cost for the FG items that are posted to Bins and On Hand Qty.   
                          Logic should store FG items posted then run RECALC cost identical to I-F-1 Recalc Button..
I-U-5-   11021208 E N-K FGOECOST CharValue = TransferCost  FG Recpt to Update Order Items
                    N-K-1 FGOECOST     Character Value =  Blank will not transfer Receipt Cost 
                    Character Value =   TransferCost
                    This logic is essential for Stock Boxes, Just in Time Items and Purchased Finished Goods to overr
                    ide a zero cost or outdated cost. Normally, when receipts are posted, the cost is posted to the F
                    G history file, bin file and the I-F-1 view screen. Then, when customer service adds an order wit
                    hout an estimate, the system simply imports the cost from the I-F-1 View Item Tab.  This cost may
                     be outdated.  When Character Value = TransferCost, this will transfer/override the Items orders 
                    cost from the FG receipts cost based on the Job Cost or the Purchase Order Cost. This will improv
                    e all backlog and order profit reporting. This will also work for all Sharp Shooter Post Button. 
                    
                    Posting FG Receipts (I-U-5) will transfer the receipt cost to ALL Open Orders for the FG item tha
                    t is Posted 
                    When.   
                    a) If Vendors PO Items Line has BLANK Customer Order number,  
                         Transfer Cost to Open Orders for that Item.
                    b) If Job# has No Order Number,  Transfer Cost to Open orders for that Item..
                    However,
                    c) If Finished Goods File (I-F-1) Full Cost Field > zero, do not Transfer Cost. 
                    d) If Job# has Order Number, Do Not Transfer cost.
                    e) If Vendors PO Line has Order Number - Do Not Transfer cost   
I-U-5-   12161301 E J-U-1  FARM Table updated by FG Posting for WIP Transactions
                    Posting FG Sets with FARMOUT components.
                    
                    When posting a FARM Item, the Receipt Qty must update the J-U-1 Farm Tab for ACTUAL Qty.
                    Likewise when posteing a  Assembled Set with Parts, the set parts are also posted.
                    Specifcally a POSITIVE Receipt quantity  is created which should update the J-U-1 FARM Tab for To
                    tal ACTUAL Qty.
                    
                    This also creates an adjustment to the component inventory but that is not needed for the JU1 FAR
                    M actual qty.
                    
                    The FG Posting program must also transfer the JOB# to the HISTORY file for all components substra
                    cted from inventory when assembling the Assembled SET.
                    
                    Posting the FG Items Quantity and cost to the Jobs Farm Tab will allow reporting on JR3.
                    
I-U-5-   12170901 E N-K FGEMAILS Add Customer Part# and Item Name to Text File
                    See Attached
                    N-K-1 FGEMAILS logical value = YES atuomatically creates an email notification for posted invento
                    ry for customers with a status of E-SERVICE.
                    The text file only shows the FG Item Code, Job# and Quantity.
                    
                    Move Qty to left of FG Item Code.
                    Add Customer Part# to Right of Item Code,  Add Item Name to Right of Part#.
                    
I-U-7-   01061402 E IU7 - error message
                    After selecting the FG and RM to convert, an error message is displayed:
                    "d-selbin.w missing fields in temp-table".
I-U-8-   05171304 E New Menu called Consolidate Tags
                    Move Sharp Shooter program number 8 Consolidate Tags to I-U-8 menu in Advantzware.
J- - -   07051208 E Resize Project JC
                    Resize Project
J-F-2-   07281008 E Add New Material Type Fields to J-F-2 and Update J-U-1  $50 per Hour
                    Material Types 5 & 6 were added for 3C 4 years ago to cost estimating.
                    This was added for a job ticket mod that was never approved.
                    Material Types 5 & 6 are now being used.
                    
                    The new Material Types must be added to J-F-2.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  97

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Job Creation must move the Y / N flag defined in F-F-2 to the AUTOPOST Y/N field in J-U-1.
                    The Material Folder in J-U-1 houses the Autopost field.
                    
                    When N-K-1 AutoIssu character value dictates when the materials set to AutoPost = Y will automati
                    cally create material issues.   This happens during FG posting or Job Closing.
                    Likewise, Reopen Jobs will also look at the AutoPost field to create the material issues with a n
                    egative quantity, thereby adding the inventory back on hand.
                    
                    All programs must be modified to streamline the automatic issues or stop the automatic issues of 
                    new materials such as 5 Divider Pads and 6 Layer Pads.
                    
                    See Solution for Technical Notes.
J-F-2-   12041402 E Add new @ Misc Material to Job Control for Auto Posting
                    New Misc Material Type will be added to N-Z-3 called @
                    J-F-2 Job Contorl File will have toggle box for @ Misc Material
                    The purpose would be to UNCHECK this box so that it will not be AutoPosted.
                    Reports such as P-R-3 will automatically recognize the @ material type.
                    
                    M-F-1 Raw Materials UOM Validation will be limited to EA and M.
                    M-F-1 Raw Materials Vend Cost UOM Validations will be limited to EA and M.
                    P-U-1 Purchase Order UOM validation will e limited to EA and M.
                    
                    No other modifications are implied and will be quoted as requested.
J-F-4-   01030815 E JF4 Job ACTUAL file Table to house WIPTags
                    New WIPTAG Browser and History Folders.   
                    Essentially, we are adding a new WIP Table to the ACTUAL JOB MACHINE file.
                    
                    Need Extra RM Tag Number on Screen.
                    If I scan Tag 01014060010000001 to 01014060010000002 this is 40,000 LF and over 14,000 expected s
                    heets.
                    If I put 3000 Sheets per WIP Tag, this will require 5 WIP Tags.
                    However Wip Tag number 3 will have sheets from Raw Material Tag 1 and 2.
                    Both should be listed on WIP History.
                    
                    Change Folders to 
                    Brwse WIPTags
                    View WIP Tag
                    Brwse History 
                    WIP Machine 
J-L-1-   04271006 E New Job Menu called List More Reports 1) New "Jobs Due Tracking" Repor
                    Customer requests new report for jobs due that tracks where the job is in the routing sequence (s
                    ee attachments).  
                    
                       1) Should include all Open Jobs for each Sheet and Blank - JU1/View Job.
                                NOTE:  Sheet and Blank Columns are not on his sample, but he needs them.
                       2) Sort by Due Date, then alpha/numerically by customer - JU1/View Job.
                                NOTE:  He wants a space when Due Date changes
                       3) DIE# Column - JU1/Estimate/Spec.
                       4) QTY GLUING - JU1/Routings/Run Quantity.
                      *5) SHEETED = All machines in department "RS".
                      *6) PRINTED = All machines in department "PR".
                      *7) DIE CUT = All machines in department "DC".
                      *8) GLUED = All machines n department "GL".
                        9) NOTES = Leave a blank field.
                      10) STYLE - JU1/Estimate.
                      11) GLUE HOURS - JU1/Routings/Run Hrs
                    
                    
                    *An "X" should appear in column if the run is marked complete - JU1/Routings/Run Completed.
                    
                    
J-L-1-   05041206 E Modify JL1 to include Plate #.
                    New Toggle Box  -  Print Plate# ?   This will print to right of Die#. 
                    
                    New Toggle Boxes To Print or Not Print the Following:
                    ____  Completed Date  
                    ____  Style
                    ____  Qty to Glue  (Change Report Field)
                    ____  Sheeted
                    ____  Printed
                    ____  Die Cut
                    ____  Glued
                    ____  Glue Hrs    
                    
                    If the above Toggle Boxes are checked, then the fields will print.
                    If the above Toggle Boxes are not checked, then the fields will not print.
                    
                    Customer only columns to be on the new attached report.
                    Customer, Job#, S, B, Die#, and Due Date.  
                    See attachment.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  98

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
J-L-1-   06251004 E display related jobs (same S / B) on 1 line showing all status
                    As per customer , show same material / form / board on 1 line showing all status. 
                    exception would be if multiple (more than 1) sheets were 'glued' show those on different lines.
J-L-1-   09131003 E Mods to custom report (originally task 04271006)
                    Customer requests the following mods to their customer JL1 report (see attachment):
                    1) "Due Date' is pulling from the "Promise Date" field - Should pull from "Due Date" field.
                    2) Add "Completion Date" column to the right of "Due Date" column.  This should pull from the
                         Run End Date in the last step of the JU1 routing.
                    3) Eliminate "Notes" column.
                    4) Move "Style" column to the left of "Qty Gluing" column.
J-L-2-   05201006 E Backlog Hour Report  (Fix Price of $800 or $75 per Hour)
                    New report in ASI. It would collect the data on all Open Jobs (J-U-1). 
                    It basically is taking the total standard time for each machine and giving a total standard hours
                     calculation.  Similar to DR4 but based on attached Word document.
                    
                    ESP - Matches standard hour values listed in JQ1.
J-L-3-   01051106 E Sales by Weight for Jobs 1st Machine
                    Copy H-B to J-L-3.    
                    For each BOL for each Invoice, total the sales value by for BOL's Jobs 1st Machine.
                    The Weight for each item's tag# on BOL screen under O-S-1.  (See Attached) 
                    The Job number is listed on each BOL Line.
                    The Job File under J-U-1 will house the Machines used under ROUTE Folder.  This report will only 
                    use the 1st Machine for this report since Customer states only 1 machine for an item.
                    The BOL is currently listed on this report by Invoice Number so program must search the BOL#, fin
                    d the Job#, Find the Machine and Total the Sales Value by Customer..
                    Output needs  option to export to Excel.    The report should look something like this:
                    
                                                            Total Weight and  Sales by Jobs 1st Machine
                                                                          01/01/2010 through 01/31/2010
                    
                    MACHINE CODE:  SHEETER
                    
                    CUSTOMER            SALES REP                  TOTAL SALES $       WEIGTH (LBS) SHIPPED
                    Customer A                            001                       $      200,000                   
                       3,000 
                    Customer B                            004                       $      150,000                   
                       2,500 
                    Customer C                            006                       $      400,000                   
                       6,000                                              
                    Customer D                            002                       $      100,000                   
                       1,500
                    Customer E                            007                       $      400.000                   
                       6,200
                    
                    SHEETER TOTALS . ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.   $  1,250,000                   19,200
                    
                    
J-L-4-   06201207 E New Report Menu = Machines MSF Produced by Job (Copy D-R-14)
                    See Attached:     (May Copy D-R-14 as this has all the fields needed)
                    Add Grand Total Number of Jobs and Total MSF per Machine for Date Range.  
                    PRINT Parameters:   From Job __________    To  Job  ___________
                                                              From Date __________  To Date  ______________
                    
                    Report Columns:  Date, Job#, Machine, Style, Sheet/Blank Size,  MSF Produced.
                    MSF Produced Formula =    Summary by Machine by Job for all Forms.  
                    Waste Qty Plus Run Quantity / 1000 x (LxW / 144)  for each Form 
                    Formulas will use Average of all Forms or Blanks.
                         Roll Fed machines will use Average of All Forms Gross Sheet Width and Length.
                         Sheet Fed machines will use Average of all Froms Net Sheet Width and Length 
                         Blank Fed Machines will use the Blank Width and Blank Length
                    
                    Please note MSF Formula
                       a)  For Blank Fed Machines (Grand Total of all blanks)
                             Formula = (Waste + Run Qty/ 1000 ) x the Blank Square Feet 
                       b)  Sheet Fed Machines Formula (Grand Total of all Forms)
                             Forms Actual Sheets / 1000 x  (Boards Net Widthx Net Sheet Length / 144) 
                       c)  Roll Fed (Grand Total all Forms)
                             If use LF in Run Matrix = NO, then production is entered in Sheets
                    Roll Sheet Formula = Waste + Run Qty /1000  x Gross Sheet W x L / 144 / 144
                             If use LF in Run Matrix = YES then production is entered in Lineal Feet.  When productio
                    n enters lineal feet we must divide by Gross Sheet L to determine number of sheets.
                    Roll Fed LF Formula = (Wasted Sheets + (Run Qty LF / Jobs Board Length)) x Gross Sheet W) / 144,0
                    00
                    
                    
J-L-4-   09141203 E Add Option to Limit Report by Style
                    1) See Attached sample to Add Selection by Style
                    2) Print Style Field on Report
                    3) Print Customer Name on Report (For each Machine, Find Job and Find Customer #)
                    4) Print Jobs FG Item Length, Width and Depth 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page:  99

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    5) Add Total # Up on Die as column to report
J-L-4-   11141201 E Add Colors as Column on Report
                    This Report Prints by Form by Machine by Day.
                    
                    1) Add new Columns called COLORS.
                        This report is by Job by Machine.
                         There may be many items printed on one job.
                         This will print the total number of inks from the Estimate Inks/Packs Folder for all items.
                          The ESTIMATE tab has the FORM colors for each form.
                           For example,
                           If we made 3 boxes of Vanilla, chocolate and Strawberry on the same sheet.
                           All items may have 5 colors, however the colors may have 4 common colors.
                          If we added colors for each item, this would total 15 and would be incorrect.
                          Therefore, the Estimate Tab shows FORM colors which may show 7 Colors.
                    IF Report Prints by FORM, then Total Colors simply = Form Colors
                    If Report Combines all Forms by Machine, then we must total all colors for all forms.
                    
                    
J-L-4-   11181318 E Add BOARDs RM Item Code to Excel Output
                    This Report Prints by Form by Machine by Day.
                    This only allows 1 Field for Board.
                    Test with Order/Job 206937
                    
                    1) Add new Column called Form#
                    2) Add new Column called Board.
                        This report is by Job by Machine.
                        There may be many Forms on a Machine Per Job.
                        For Example,
                        If we made 3 boxes of Vanilla, chocolate and Strawberry on Separate Sheets.
                        Vanilla printed on ECT 32 Board
                        Chocolate printed on 200 C Board 
                        Strawberry printed on 200 B Board
                    
                    
                    To Propler Print this Report, We must Add FORM# for Each Job.
J-L-4-   11251304 E Add Material Type = A   Adder Code
                    This Report Prints by Form by Machine by Day.
                    Test with Job 207106 which has 200 C Board and OW adder.
                    The Job has Machine PRESS posted qty of 8000 sheets
                    
                    Add new Column called ADDER next to Board Code.
                         This is Material Type = A  Located on the Job File - Materials Tab by Form# 
                         For your information:
                         Adders are extra manufacturing processes added to the Board.
                        For example, brown paperboard such as 200C may be coated with a WHITE INK.
                        This White Coating is called Oyster White for its color.   The RM Code = OW.
                    They need to Print the Adder Code next to the Board Code.
                    
                    This report for Job 207106
                    Print report for Machine = PRESS.
                    .
J-L-5-   07131205 E J-L-5 - New "Prep Charge Cost" report
                    New Prep Charge Cost report in J-L  (Report #4).
                    Report will allow for the following parameters:
                    Date Range
                    Job Range
                    Customer Range
                    Prep Code Range
                    
                    The report must allow for grouping by Customer or Prep Code, "Show Total" of QTY, COST and EXTEND
                    ED by group and Grand Total, and Export to Excel based on user selection, 
                    
                    NOTE:  Export to Excel will only download raw data into a CSV with no-totals.
                    
                    See attachment for proposed visual designs.
                    
                    
                    
                    
J-L-6-   04171410 E N-K Reports = JL6  - DEFAULT Button
                    N-K-1 Reports.
                    New View Form = JL6
                    
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when JL6 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
                    
                    This Report only prints data for CLOSED jobs.
J-L-6-   05091304 E N-K REPORTS JL6 - Job Actual Costs vs. Est Standard
                    New Job Report Detailing Actual Costs posted via the Work in Process Files.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 100

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    New JL6 will be All Fields on JR5 as user selectable Report Columns with ability to Ouput to Exce
                    l.
                    JR5 must be printed one job at a time.   
                    New Report will allow printing multiple jobs on 1 report.
                    Print Selection Range 
                    From Job#  ________                   To Job#  ________
                    From Date  ________                    To Date  ________
                    From Customer  ________           To  Customer  ________
                    From FG Category  ________     To FG Category  ________
                    
                    Print all Columns from JR5 including new fields as follows:
                    Job#, Customer Code,  Name, FG Item, FG Category, Actual Mat'l,  Actual Labor, Total Cost, Sales 
                    Value, Profit Margin. Profit%
                     
                    JR5 Shows Material Cost.
                    JR5 Shows Labor Costs.  (Total for Direct Labor, Fixed Overhead and Variable Overhead)
                    JR5 Shows Sales Value,  Total Cost.
                    
                    Test with Job 1970-02
J-L-7-   04171411 E N-K Reports = JL7  - DEFAULT Button
                    N-K-1 Reports.
                    New View Form = JL7
                    
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when JL7 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
J-L-7-   09131302 E WIP Value of Sheeted Inventory   (Copy J-L-2)  (New Excel Report)
                    Copy JL2 to J-L-7 and Add Fields in addition to existing Fields 
                    (See attached report for Sheeted Jobs)     J-L-2 is Open Job Report.  This can be ran for the Dep
                    artment RS which is the Roll Fed Sheeter.  Report currently shows only OPEN Jobs.
                    Data is from WIP Labor and WIP Material.  Report will Print the following Fields.
                    Job#
                    RM Item   (This will be the Board material Issued to Job)
                    Caliper      (Form M-F-2)
                    Vendor     (M-F-1 History Tab - Find Vendor from PO# on Issue Transaction for Job# )
                    Weight      (Basis Weight from M-F-2 for Board Material on Job.
                    Sht Wid     (Jobs Sheet Width)
                    Sht Len      (Jobs Sheet Length)
                    Sheets      (Quantity Produced in WIP on the RS Department)
                    MSF            ((Sheets x (Sht W x Sht L / 144))   / 1,000 
                    Tons          (Formula=  (MSF x Basic Wt)  /  2000 Lbs
                    MLF           (1000's of LF =  (Sheets x (Sht L / 12")   / 1000)
                    Cost/Ton     =   Total Value / Tons
                    Total Value  =  Board Cost from Bin Tab times Sheets 
                    
                    Existing JL2 Fields should be available for JL7 Report including Hours, Die#, Etc.
                    RM Item is the Board Material Item that is a new Field.
                    
J-Q-1-   02131301 E JCMchUpd is Program Name for Security by User ID on Job Query - Hrs Ta
                    User logged in with ASI rights can edit by double-clicking in the pop-up box that is launched on 
                    JQ1 MAchHrs tab (must have data collected for machine)
                    
                    This mod will allow additional users to be specified for edit rights on this screen.
                    New suggested program master selection:  "jcmchupd"
                    
J-Q-1-   03131301 E MachHrs Folder - Add Pass# on Browser
                    JQ1 - MachHrs Tab
                    This browser shows the Sheet and Blank number as the first and second column.
                    Add a Columns called P# after the Blank.
                    This will be the Pass Number for this machine.
                    
                    For example, Job Number 205948 has two passes on the printing press.
                    This means the sheets are fed through the machine two times.
                    1st Pass prints a few colors and 2nd pass print more colors.
                    
                    On JQ1 - MachHrs Tab - 
                    Double click on machine 408 to to edit machine you will see the Pass # 1
                    Double click on machine 407 to to edit machine you will see the Pass # 2
                    
                    We need this to appear on the the Following J-Q-1 Tabs.
                    1) MachHrs 
                    2) MachQtys
                    3) Waste
                    4) MachCosts
                    5) DL
                    6) Var OH
                    7) Fixed OH
J-Q-1-   06221206 E Job Query Fields should accept Negative Numbers
                    Task  03250911 was done to fix this problem so I am not sure why it is happening again?
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 101

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    See Knight Job 5986, 6019, 5979.
                    Not sure which one had the numerous error messages.
                    This may be a data problem but it is unfriendly and a pain to view data.
                    
                    J-Q-1 Find Job 5989
                    Click Machine Hours
                    Double Click on a machine with Actual Hours.
                    
                    The data create an negative number which displays the error message again and again. 
                    
                    Simply Solution is to format the columns with the error to suppport a negative number.
J-Q-1-   08291403 E Material Folder - Allow Job No to be changed in Issue screen
                    Material Folder - Allow Job No to be changed in Issue screen
                    
                    For Example.
                    Search for All Jobs for FG Item ATT-2297
                    Click Materials Tab.
                    Double Click material with ACTUAL quantity.
                    
                    Change Job 208585  to Job 207823  
J-Q-1-   09171204 E MachHrs Folder - double click a machine - Add Department Code
                    See Attached
                    When logged in as ASI you can update the WIP History transactions.
                    Add the Department Code Field to the pop up in JQ1 on the MachHrs Folder when you double click a 
                    machine.  You have to be able to update this field.
                    
                    Find ASI Job W9846-04
                    Click Hrs.
                    Double Click on Machine with Actual Hours
                    Add column called DC to show the department.
                    Allow customer to update if this is blank.
                    Must must 1st Department in Machine File.
J-R-1-0  12070909 E New toggle box to not show remaining machine hours if within underrun
                    Add toggle box to report.  Drop machine hours for FG items that are within the underrun.
                    This will not show remaining machine hours for items on the job if the receipts for that item fal
                    l within the underrun.  (similar to J-R-12 report)
J-R-1-5  03180905 E WIP TAG REPORT
                    New Report to pull the data from the J-F-5 WIP File .
                    WIP tag file show multiple RM Tag Numbers.
                    WIP tag file Browse  Folder will show the machine WIP quantity posted to that machine.
                    Since the WIP tag will process through many machines, DB was created as an Array.
                    The Last Machine is the key to WIP reports as to the status of WIP.
                    i.e.  How many sheets have been Sheeted.....Qty  999,999,999
                    i.e.  How many sheets have been Ream Cut.....Qty  999,999,999.
                    i.e.  How many sheets have been Printed.....Qty  999,999,999.
                    i.e.  How many sheets have been Guillotine.....Qty  999,999,999.
                    i.e.  How many sheets have been Die Cut......Qty  999,999,999
                    i.e.  How many sheets have been Hand Stripped.....Qty  999,999,999.
                    i.e.  How many sheets have been Windowed.....Qty  999,999,999.
                    i.e.  How many sheets have been Foil Stamped.....Qty  999,999,999.
                    i.e.  How many sheets have been Glued.....Qty  999,999,999.
                    
                    New WIP tag Report Ranges From Tag 202699000010000001 to Tag 202699000010000009
                    From Job ________to Job zzzzzzzzzzzzz
                    From FG Item ________to FG Item  zzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
                    From Customer  ________To Customer   zzzzzzzzzzzzzz
                    Summary will show  Columns FG Item Code,  RM Tag#,  Last Machine Qty.  
                    Detail will show each Machine and the Quantity of Each machine.
                    
                    rm item code
                    sheet length
J-R-3-   01051204 E New Toggle Box called Exclude Prep Materials
                    Estimating Prep Materials are added in E-B-8.
                    Menu N-Z-3 Material Type 7 = Printing Plates       Menu N-Z-3 Material Type 8 = Cutting Die
                    Menu N-Z-3 Material Type O = Die Wood              Menu N-Z-3 Material Type X = Rotary Die
                    Menu N-Z-3 Material Type Y = Flat Die
                    Many times the Prep Materials are Billed Separately, which is indicated by an "S code in the Esti
                    mates PREP/ROUTE folder.   This stands for invoice / separately billed prep.   The S code will mo
                    ve the material to the MISC folder of the order to be invoiced with the first shipment of boxes. 
                      So the invoice includes boxes on one line and the Prep is another invoiced Line.  When billed s
                    eparately, the materials ARE NOT added to the J-R-3 Report.  They would only show on the J-R-3 re
                    port if the toggle box "ADD BILLABLE CHARGES is checked.    This logic all works fine.  
                    
                    THE CUSTOMER PROBLEM.
                    In estimating, on the PREP / ROUTE folder, any code except S will print the materials on the J-R-
                    3 report under the materials section.  The customer DOES NOT invoice prep with the invoice for th
                    e boxes.   They create a separate invoice.  The customer changes the Prep Code from S to N for No
                     Charge which then causes the PREP material to Print on the Report.   The costs are covered by th
                    e invocie so they do not want the PREP materials on the report.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 102

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    THE SOLUTION / MOD:
                    New Toggle Box "Exclude Prep" (Material Types 7,8,O,X,Y)  This will eliminate those materials fro
                    m the Materials Sections when the Prep Charge Code is Not an S.    
J-R-3-   02041002 E New Toggle Box to Include Billable Prep Charges?
                    New toggle box,  Add Billable Prep Charges?
                    Yes will add line for each Prep Charge with Status of Invoiced.
                    This will be added to the Total Revenue at the bottom of the TOTALS section.
                    The Total Revenue for Boxes plus Prep minus Cost will equal Profit
J-R-3-   03011001 E Wants Category Sort for Items
                    New radio set called  Sort Mat's Items by Code or Type
                    This now prints by Item Code.   Type will print by material type.
                    Addders, Board, Cases, D for Pallets, Inks, etc.
                    Sort by Material Type will print by Type then Code within Type.
                    Therefore all ink types will print together in Item Code Order.
                    
                    Customer wants to be able to sort items by category on JR3 so, for instance, all the inks will be
                     grouped together (see attachment re job J26709).
J-R-3-   03051402 E New Toggle Box - Summarize Materials
                    JR3 report - 
                    New toggle box "Summarize Materials"
                    This will result in only one line per material item in the Materials section of the report.
                    All fields will be summed across forms, showing a total value for the estimate and actual quantit
                    ies and costs, along with a  variance and var % for the item as a whole.
                    
                    Additionally, please extend the Variance % column format by one digit to support ">>>>9.9-".
J-R-3-   03131407 E Freight Cost Calculation
                    JR3 report - 
                    Print Corrugated Job 207512
                    Freight Cost in the Totals shows $3,000.
                    The Order Totals shows $145.
                    
                    The Invoice 7311 was shipped on Bill of Lading 7618 Attached.
                    The BOL has 5 units at 1000 per pallet.
                    The Freight Cost on BOL shows $375 which is the Revenue.
                    The Cost must be calculated.
                    The Invoice shows Carrier = TRUCK.
                    The A-F-1 Customer Shipto shows Delivery Zone 100.
                    The A-F-8 file for Truck Zone 100 shows $30 per Pallet.
                    The Bill of Lading has 5 Pallets.
                    
                    Cost = 5 Pallets x $30  = $150
                    However, Minimum Rate = $200 so cost will be $200.
                    JR3 shows $3000.
J-R-3-   03161103 E Add Export Grand Totals  to excel  (See Attached)
                    Toggle Box will Read,  Export Grand Totals to Excel
                    Only the Grand Total for Materials, Labor and Grand Totals will Export.
                    See Attached.
                    
                    
                    
J-R-3-   04231403 E JR3 FARM OUT Costs Expand FG Size (See Attached)
                    JR3 Report fro Farmout Finished Goods for Jobs and Invoiced Revenue.
                    See Attached 
                    
                    1)  Job 207560 has two Farm Out Items on the FARM Tab.
                          However only 1 is printing on the JR3 Report.
                          All items must print regardless of History.
                    
                    2)  Item Code must be explaned to 15 characters to show the full FG item Code.
                          Raw Goods is max of 10 characters which was the original format.
                          Expand to 15 to show the entire FG item code.
                    
                    
                    
                    
J-R-3-   04281402 E JR3 Change Grand Total Label
                    JR3 Report fro Farmout Finished Goods for Jobs and Invoiced Revenue.
                    See email from customer:
                    
                    Will you be able to change the word Profit on the JR3 report to Gross Margin?
                    
                    
                    
J-R-3-   04291401 E Option to Subtotal Misc Charges as labor or material.
                    New Toggle Box:
                    "Subtotal Miscellaneous Charges".
                    
                    This will group the Miscellaneous Charges and subtotal them based on "M" or "L" charge type.
                    
                    See attached before and after for ASI job 206305
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 103

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    
J-R-3-   06111305 E JR3 FARM OUT Costs For Actual Invoices and Finished Goods
                    JR3 Report to Capture Farmout Finished Goods for Jobs and Invoiced Revenue.
                    See Attached New Toggle Box.BMP 
                    1)  New Toggle  ___   Invoiced Totals ?  When Print Totals Is Checked.  
                         Unchecked, this Current Logic pulls from the FG Receipts x $Sell Price/M on the JR3 Report.
                         When Checked, This will include Total value from invoices connected to this order.
                         Including multiple invoices and misc charges invoiced?
                         See Attached Invoice with Total Invoice Dollars that should transfer to JR3.
                    2)  New Toggle Box = Print Farmout Costs?
                          YES will print Farmout Purchased Finished Goods
                          This will print same columns as the Materials Section.
                          Estimated and Actual Costs from the J-U-1 Farm Tab will print under Materials Section.  
                    
                    Please note,    Following Logic should Already Exist   
                    a)  Raw materials currently imports Actual Cost.
                    b)  Special materials added via estimate misc/sub screen will use the standard extended cost     
                       since no purchase order may be available.
                    c)  Machine Labor costs currently prints Actual Cost..    
                    d)  Dies and plates are purchased as a raw material with a job # on PO.  
                         Receipts must be added via M-U-1 to Update WIP.  
                         Once Posted, the Cost of Prep Materials will be applied to the new Report.  
                    
                    
J-R-3-   08281201 E New Toggle Box called Exclude Std Hrs if WIP = 0
                    ASI Estimate 9846 for Job 205098 has 3 forms.  
                    Each form has approximately 30,000 sheets for each form for each machine.
                    Simkins posts all production to form 1 for all machines.
                    For example, Sheeter (machine SHT1) has 90,000 sheets posted to form 1.
                    Thus forms 2 and 3 have zero production posted.  
                    Obviously, production should be posted to all three machines.  
                    Since its the same machine and same standards, it is more easy for plant to post to form 1.
                    CURRENT LOGIC.
                    Calculates run hours for machine with Production by Standard Hours =  Qty Production in WIP  / J-
                    U-1 Run Speed.  Then Adds Run hours from J-U-1 for machine without Production Quantity.
                    Toggle will not add J-U-1 hours if no production is posted.
                    PROBLEM.
                    J-Q-1 shows correct estimated hours for each form.
                    J-R-3 shows summary of ALL forms for the job.
                    Thus Form 1 has production of 90,000 which is standars hours of 4.5 hours.
                    J-R-3 adds the Run Hours for from 2 and 3 to the J-R-3 report.
                    Same is for MR which is perfect.
                    New Mod / Toggle Box.
                    YES =  will EXCLUDE the run hours for any machine for any form that has ZERO Production.
                    Thus forms 2 & 3 would hours would be excluded from report.
                    NO   =  will be existing logic that will add the J-U-1 Run Hours form machine with Zero Productio
                    n.
                    
                    
J-R-3-   08281206 E New Toggle Box to Calculate Waste
                    ASI Estimate 9846 for Job 205098 has 3 forms.  
                    New toggle Box =  Waste = Board Issued minus  Finished Goods Quantity Posted
                    This is from WIP Act Material
                    Board must multiple number out time number up.
                    
                    If this toggle box is checked.
                    The total actual sheets posted per form x number up x number out = Total Blanks per Form.
                    This is the equivalent of of the Blanks Issued to the Job per Form.
                    The total of all forms minus the finished goods received = Blanks Wasted per Job.
                    This will not show waste per item.
                    This will only show Job Waste.
                    
                    
                    If toggle box is not checked, existing logic will be used which adds waste for each machine.
                    
                    See Job 205234 for Estimate 9919 for RM Item SBS18-20 
                    I issued 4 rolls of 20,000 LF per Roll for a Total of 80,000 LF.
                    Each Sheet under J-U-1 is (38.875/12) = 24,695 shheet x 3 Up = 74,085 Boxes
                    Copy Waste for Board Issued to Job from J-R-8 Board Reconciliation Report
                    This report converts each form issued to job into Blanks.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
J-R-3-   11051305 E New Toggle Box ___  Use Machine File Crew   **INV**
                    New Toggle Box   ___  Use Machine File Crew
                    This will only be available to select when checking the toggle box, 
                    Calculate Using Current Machine Rates?
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 104

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    When checked this will ignore the crew posted to the data collection via TouchScreen or Advantzwa
                    re Data Collection.  Therefore, if the machine shows crew of 3, but the Touchscreen has a crew of
                     1, the Machines Crew of 3 will be used to calculate the Direct Labor Cost.  
                    The Fixed and Overhead Rates will not be affected.
                    
                    When unchecked this will use the crew size posted from data collection via TouchScreen or Advantz
                    ware Data Collection. Therefore, if the machine shows crew of 3, but the Touchscreen has a crew o
                    f 5, the WIP Crew of 5 will be used to calculate the Direct Labor Cost.  
                    The Fixed and Overhead Rates will not be affected  
J-R-5-   01051205 E Closed Job Anal TOGGLE to Exclude Prep (7,8,O,X,Y materials types from
                    Estimating Prep Materials are added in E-B-8.  (Print J-R-3 to see the materials)
                    Example M-F-1 Raw Material  Plate-9162 & Die 9162  for Job 203882  for Estimate 9162
                    This is material type 8 and SIMON code = N so it should not be on report.
                    Menu N-Z-3 Material Type 7 = Printing Plates       Menu N-Z-3 Material Type 8 = Cutting Die
                    Menu N-Z-3 Material Type O = Die Wood              Menu N-Z-3 Material Type X = Rotary Die
                    Menu N-Z-3 Material Type Y = Flat Die      
                    Many times the Prep Materials are Billed Separately, which is indicated by an "S code in the Esti
                    mates PREP/ROUTE folder.   This stands for invoice / separately billed prep.   The S code will mo
                    ve the material to the MISC folder of the order to be invoiced with the first shipment of boxes. 
                      So the invoice includes boxes on one line and the Prep is another invoiced Line.  When billed s
                    eparately, the materials ARE NOT added to the J-R-3 Report.  They would only show on the J-R-3 re
                    port if the toggle box "ADD BILLABLE CHARGES is checked.    This logic all works fine.  
                    THE CUSTOMER PROBLEM.
                    In estimating, on the PREP / ROUTE folder, any code except S will include the materials on the J-
                    R-5 report under the materials section.  The customer DOES NOT invoice prep with the invoice for 
                    the boxes.   They create a separate invoice.  The customer changes the Prep Code from S to N for 
                    No Charge which then causes the PREP material to Print on the Report.   The costs are covered by 
                    the invocie so they do not want the PREP materials on the report.
                    THE SOLUTION / MOD:  Toggle Box (Exclude Billed Prep)  Y/N  (Material Types 7,8,O,X,Y)  This will
                     eliminate raw materials from the Materials Sections when the Prep Charge Code & Est/B-estprp SIM
                    ON code  = N or S
J-R-8-   09051405 E N-K Reports Business Forms  Logical Value = YES  (J-R-8)
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    Add the Following new Fields to the new Report Only
                    a)  Board Cost
                          This will be the Actual Cost of all Board Received for that Job
                           This should find the Board ISSUED to the Job
                           J-Q-1 Job Inquiry Materials Tab should show the board Cost.
                           Please note, FG sets such as Job 206186 will have multple board receipts.
                          
                    b)  MSF = Finished Goods Invoiced x Square Feet in I-F-1 Totals Tab  divided by 1000
J-R-8-   11101005 E Add Waste % Toggle Box as Last Column  (See Attached)
                    Report Currently prints RM Item (Board Material) received and Quantity Produced.
                    The last column is titled DIFFERENCE which is the WASTE between RM Received and Finished Goods Pr
                    oduced.
                    
                    Add new colum to right of last column called Waste % and also add to Grand Totals.
                    This calculation will be.Differnce  / RM Quantity Recieve.
                    Round to 9999.99
                    
                    Run Report for Job 201657 to Job 201657.
                    The last column is 1500.
                    Divide this by RM Received of 7000
                    Waste % = 21.14 
J-U-1-   01051008 E N-K JOBDATESMAX Logical Value = YES Int value = # of days from today
                    N-K JOBDATESMAX Logical Value = YES Int value = # of days from today
                    
                    Currently able to enter a due date beyond 6 months from start date and save it, but when you rebu
                    ild the standards the date defaults to 6 months from today.  They need to be able to enter the du
                    e date and not have it default to 6 months if a date beyond 6 months is entered.
                    
                    Please note, this can cause severe slowness to schedule board as system must build downtimes up t
                    o the last number.
                    There may need to be a N-K-1 Parameter to limit date?
                    
                    Integer Value will be Oldest Date from Today.
                    
                    Logical Value = YES will invoke this logic.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 105

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Logical Vaue = NO will not use this logic.
J-U-1-   01101402 E ReBuild Standard or Qty Button Error "No job-hdr available"
                    ReBuild Standard or Qty Button Error "No job-hdr available"
J-U-1-   01111105 E Job-hdr records missing (f/g items on bottom browser missing)
                    Code to fix so you can then bring up the job and rebuild the job:
                    
                    DISABLE TRIGGERS FOR LOAD of job-hdr.
                    
                    FIND FIRST job where
                               job.company eq "001" and
                               job.job-no eq "  4444" and
                               job.job-no2 eq 0
                               no-lock.
                    
                    CREATE job-hdr.
                    ASSIGN
                        job-hdr.company = "001"
                        job-hdr.j-no = 8888888
                        job-hdr.job     = job.job
                        job-hdr.job-no  = job.job-no
                        job-hdr.job-no2 = job.job-no2
                        job-hdr.opened  = YES.
                    
                    RELEASE job-hdr.
J-U-1-   01161402 E N-K JobCardF = Carded2  Integer Value =1   (More Changes)
                    See Attached.   Order 206937   - 
                    
                    1)  Previous Task was to Remove  Department Sections if the Machine / Department did not      exi
                    st on the Routing Tab.    They want to Reverse that Logic 
                         They want all sections for Notes to Print no matter what machines are on the Routing.
                          (All Sections for Each Department Should Print)
                    
                    2)  Please make sure the MN Manf notes Print.
                    
                    3)  RS Department Notes must print under the Sheeter Section above the Printing Section.
                    
                    4)  FP Flat Pack notes to print on the job ticket.  They do not need an individual section.  
                          We just need them to print out when they are on the job.  
                          Flat Pack notes can print in the FINISHING section.  
                    
                    
                    (Please note, they do not want the headings and Toggle Boxes  to Print that were removed from Tas
                    k 12021303)     (So keep the logic written on Task 12021303)
J-U-1-   02061407 E N-K JobcardF - Add the ability to have"L" jobs
                    Current logic gives  N-K-1 JobcardF = Colonial  & JobCardC for Printed Literature
                    The ability to print factory tickets based on
                    the product line set-up in J-F-3, currently cartons and Printed. 
                    The new mod  to include ( "L"abels)
                    
                    The new label ticket will be copied from the current "P"rinted form.
                    Current product lines are
                    Cartons job# prefrenced with a  "C"
                    Printed job# preferenced with a "P"
                    Mod to add logic for  Label job# to be preferenced with an "L"
                    They will also need the ability for the  schedule board  to be seperate from the 
                    "C" or  "P" schedule boards.  
                    NOTE: Copying
                    New Job Ticket will print the image DRAFT when toggle Box is checked to Print Draft Copy. 
                    
                    Please note, the job ticket program ( job-no.p) does not have the Letter Codes hard-coded.
                    3C Users can add them to the Job Costing Job Product Line Table (prodl table), then add the produ
                    ct categories (jobcolnl.p)  to this new Product Line that starts with the Letter =  "L" in additi
                    on to "P".- 2/17/14 - WFK
J-U-1-   02261010 E + ICON and ADD button to Import Customer Overrun / Underrun %
                    Add Button and + Icon to Job File.
                    + ICON and ADD button to Import Customer Overrun / Underrun %
                    When clicking the + Icon or Add Job button, displays estimate number.
                    When clicking the SAVE button, Quantity Window Appears.
                    Add Toggle Box, Calculate Quantity with Customer Overrun%?  
                    No will be current logic.
                    Yes will import calculate the Job Qty with the Customer View Folder Overrun %.
                    
                    This logic exists for orders via the N-K-1 JobQty parameter.
                    
                    ESP - Already exists with NK1 JOBQTYCUST parameter.  I e-mailed Andrew.
J-U-1-   02281103 E Setup and Compile Miscellaneous fields (for Mid York)
                    Told Ron of bug where tabs 3 and 9 don't fit on screen and get error messages.
                    
                    Added to JU1, JQ1, Job Close, and JU2.
J-U-1-   03011112 E N-K JOBCARDF = Colonial
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 106

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Enlarge the Raw Material Item Code, which has the field label called Board Code on the job ticket
                    .  (this pulls from the Item Name of the Raw Material).
                    Expand to the full 30 characters.  Remove Case Size. (see attachment)
                    
                    Remove the the case size field removed from the folding carton factory ticket and have the rest o
                    f the fields shifted over to allow for the full raw material item name to be displayed.
J-U-1-   03101108 E Default Misc Job Costing Group to ASIJobCL
                    1) Default Job Costing format ASIJobCL.
                    2) In design screen, create copy group button.
                    
                    3) Have to click save in order for the new group to be saved, consistent with other changes in th
                    is program in which save has to be clicked.
J-U-1-   03151101 E Misc Fields Checklist logic based on job item, not job
J-U-1-   03151111 E Change Icon for job checklist
J-U-1-   03171105 E Change Misc Fields icon to checkmark
J-U-1-   03281107 E Misc fields/Job Checklist Update
                    1.	Suppress screen display when creating/destroying objects, so user can't see code walking the w
                    idget tree.
                    2.	Process for displaying referential fields.
                    3.	Process for populating combo-box/selection-list with external data.
                    4.	Allow screen design time Tab Order of objects.
J-U-1-   03301204 E JOB CHECK MARK ICON - BINDERY TAB Changes
                    New DB called CENTBOX.  (See Attached)
                    All Tabs will be the same however the BINDERY Tab will be Renamed SHEETER
                    
                    Field Defined As:
                    Date, 
                    Operator Initials, 
                    Shift, 
                    Board Type, 
                    Sheet Size, 
                    Vendor Roll #, 
                    Vendor, 
                    Roll Tag #. 
                    
                    The following checks would be answered with a drop down menu of "OK" or "No":
                    
                    See attachment for Task# 03191206 for Programming Instructions.
                    
J-U-1-   04031403 E N-K Jobcardf = Indiana-XL - Estimated Speed
                    1) Additional data to place in template:
                    Estimated Speed  - this will be the "Speed" column on the J-U-1 Routing screen for the machine (e
                    ach page needs one).  This value will be placed in cell N1, off the printed page.  
                    
                    2) Changes to the Excel template (NOTE: these changes will be done by Indiana and are not include
                    d in the quote):
                     - Calculate a target speed in cell C5 (with label in B5)  
                        Is the multiplier something that you would hard-code?  
                        Would it be the same for all machines?
                     - Add a Vorne program table based on target speed for each machine template
                     - Create Lookup to this table in cell E5 (with label in D5)
                     - Concatenate the Vorne Program into the barcode string.
                    
                    Indiana will provide updated .xlt file for incorporation into distributed program files.
J-U-1-   04081005 E N-K JOBCARDC = Artios (pls see notes) **INV**
                    Add Job via J-U-1 for estimate 2297.
                    Leave Order Number blank.
                    Printing the factory ticket, print job Quantity with the overrun% and the order quantity will be 
                    without overrun%
                    
                    Please note, N-K-1 JobQtyCust logic exists to create job quantity with overun from the customer f
                    ile.
J-U-1-   05201404 E N-K JobCardF = Carded2  Integer Value = 1
                    Changes to Carded Job Ticket.
                    Test with ASI Order/Job# 207627 for Estimate 11202
                    
                    1.     Add the Layer Pad from esimates INKS/PACK under finishing.
                            Material Type 5 is a Layer Pad.  Total Divider are multiplied by number of cases.
                            Material Type 6 is a Case Divider.  Total Divider are multiplied by number of cases.
                            After Pallet RM Item #  and before the Adhesive RM Item # 
                    
                    2.     Add CASE COUNT after No. of cases under Finishing.
                            Pull the information from  O-U-1 - Order Item Detail - Units/pallet
                    
                    3.    Move the CAD # in the board section up to print in the FG item section
                           Change Label from Order Type to  Order Type/Cad#
                           Print Under the Order Type.
                    
                    4.    Space out the remaining items in the board section
J-U-1-   05231202 E ADD Button to Prompt for Inactive Item
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 107

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Add Order for Estimate 9564 which is for  FG Item BIBM1000059A99.
                    See Attached Warning.
                    Copy this logic to the J-U-1 Add button.
                    
                    Add Job for FG Item BIBM1000059A99 for estimate 9564.
                    There is no warning.
J-U-1-   06061203 E XML output report option for Premier Print-to-File - Job Ticket Only
                    This task is simply a copy of 05181205 that is the the other 3 reports.  
                    This one is a placeholder for the Job Ticket work only.
                    For the following reports from Advantzware:
                    4.   Job Ticket
                    ASI will create a XML output file in a location specified through a system level control for each
                     report.  These controls will be (respectively):
                    4.   XMLJobTicket
                    The logical (yes/no) value will indicate whether the ASI system outputs to XML (yes) or does not 
                    (no).  The character value for each of the system controls will contain the file path for which t
                    o store these XML files.  
                    
                    The user interface will not change.  When a system control is set to yes for a given report and O
                    NLY if the user selects "Print to File" and submits via the "OK" button, ASI will simply create a
                     secondary output stream to the XML and also allow the user to select the file location for print
                    ing to an .xpr file, as they do today (i.e - two files get created, one XML in the location speci
                    fied by the system control, and one .xpr in the location specified by the user).  The other print
                     options should not create an XML output.   Premier wanted to limit the amount of duplication of 
                    reports and their users are already trained to print-to-file today.
                    
                    XML File Details:
                    ASI will choose a file naming convention that is simple.  ASI will create a file on every print-t
                    o-file operation done, regardless if the form has already been printed.
                    Premier provided a sample breakdown of fields they would like the XML to output for BOL and Job T
                    icket.   These samples are attached.
                    In general, Premier would like header and footer information supplied once with each data item br
                    oken out into a separate tag.  For the variable line-item parts of the reports, they would like e
                    ach printed line represented as a tag with space delimited values inside each tag.  
J-U-1-   06071310 E ReBuild Standard or Qty to Prompt Estimate Qty or Job Qty
                    Rebuild Std  BUTTON for Jobs without Customer Order Number.
                    This currently rebuilds Job based on Estimates 1st Qty which may not be desired quantity..
                    Add new Prompt.  Job Qty or Estimate Qty.
                    
                    Job Qty would use the Job Qty on JU1.
                    Estimate Qty would display Quantities from the Estimate.
                    Once Quantity is stored, the normal calculation should proceed.
                    Please note, N-K-1 JobQtyCust parameter dictates if overrun percentage from customer file is used
                    .
                    
                    PLEASE NOTE.
                    See Order 206202
                    ITEMS Tab,  The Rebuild Job Standards Button uses the Quantities on the Order.
                    This logic should be the same logic on the Button on J-U-1. 
J-U-1-   07221003 E Rebuild Job QTY (J-U-1) **CAUSES JOB TO REOPEN WITHOUT A PROMPT FOR US
                    Rebuild Job Qty button under (J-U-1) should not function for job that is closed.
                    Prompt will simply check the status of the Job.
                    If status is Z, or C
                    System should promtp,  Job is closed.  You must REOPEN job before Rebuilding Job Qty.
                    
J-U-1-   08111405 E Add EXCEL Icon to JU1
                    See Attached.
                    
                    Add Excel Icon to output Job Data to Excel.
                    This would look similar to O-U-1 Excel Icon.
J-U-1-   08141404 E J-U-1 Routing... allow job pass field to be updated for dept GL
                    J-U-1 Routing... allow job pass field to be updated for dept GL...
                    
                    they create duplicate routings for partial runs.  changing the pass value on the duplicate routin
                    g allows the job to be unaffected by touch screen data collection load in schedule board.
J-U-1-   08211411 E N-K JobCardF = Carded2  Int Value 1 (Board Code to Print from Cost Est
                    All Job Tickets Type including Single Items, Two Piece Box, Tandem & Combo 
                    
                    Replace the current board that prints from the Job File.
                    Print the board code that is listed on the Esimate.
                    For each S/B on the Job Material.
                    
                    1)  Find and Print the Sheet Number for each Board from the Estimate 
                    2)  All Dimensions should pull from estimate.
                         Estimate Gross Sheet size to print under HOUSE SHeet 
                         Estimate Machine Feed size to print under the MINIMUM Sheet.
J-U-1-   09131103 E N-K JobCardF = PackRite   (Copy N-K-1 JobCardF = PPI )
                    DO NOT MAKE CHANGES per ATTACHMENT NOTES !   Read Below
                    Section A:   &  Section B:    No Changes 
                    Section C:  Data cannot be centered so no change will be made.  Spacing is based on maximium char
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 108

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    acters so no changes will be made for Desc.,Style,Case and #
                    Section D:  Change Sort by Board Paper 1, Paper2, etc.
                    Section D:  PO# works ok but only needs to pick up on Board on Layout Folder only 
                                          Remove PO's from Paper Material
                    Section D:  Board Section (See Attachment)  Medium and Liner to print Gross Sheet Width  
                                          All Forms must sort Board, Medium, Liner.   (Attachment has wrong sequence)
                     
                                         Change Lable on BOM button to None to N
                                                 Flute will print as new Column Heading Between Die# and Total# Up   
                    
                                                 New Heading on that line will be   Die#    Flute    # Up.
                    Section D:  Print PO Vendor and Receipt Qty for Board Material Only  (PO Receipt Qty)
                    Sections E,F, G and H :   All are OK except on 
                    Section G:  Department Notes for Form 0 will print on all forms.  
                    Section I:     Left Section:  Label must always print on Last Page.  No Changes will be made.   
                    Section I:    Print Job Ticket will Prompt  then Print Answer in Middle Section
                               Total Strapping Bands?    ____________     (Character FieldThey will enter Number)
                                Stretch Wrap?     _______       (yes)  (No)  
                                Stack Pattern?  ________    (Options will be listed in E-B-5 Stack Pattern File)   
                                Banding Tool ? ____________    (manual or Automatic)
                    Page Two.  Print  Die Layout on Spec Folder. N Drive\rcode\dieimage\Die
                    
                    
                    
J-U-1-   09291101 E N-K JobCardF = PackRite   (Old Task 09131103)
                    See Attachment by customer that shows problem with board section.
                    Reprint  ASI Job 203542
                    
                    1)  Dies Print when Customer builds data correctly.    Not a bug
                    2)  Pattern Prints when Customer builds patterns correctly.  Not a bug.
                    3)  Board Section is not printed in the order as requested.
                          Board from Estimate must print on Top Line.  The Width is the Net Sheet Width.
                          Medium under board.  The Width is the Gross Sheet Width.
                          Liner under Medium.     The Width is the Gross Sheet Width.
                    
                    Section D:  PO# works OK but only print next to the Board Line 
                                          Remove PO's from Paper Material
                    Section D:  Board Section    Medium and Liner to print Gross Sheet Width  
                    Section D:  Print PO Vendor and Receipt Qty for Board Material Only  (PO Receipt Qty)
                    
                    4)  Put SPECIAL Material in Bottom Section
                         See Attached.
                    
                    Please note,
                    Die Image must be a .JPG field.
                    Labels print on last page.
J-U-1-   10121106 E N-K JobCardF = PackRite
                    INKS/PACK folder has option for layer Pad Dividers. 
                    If the fields are entered, then print under the case Code as extra lines under item.  
                    If not defined, then do not skip a line.
                    
                    See O-U-1 Order 203589 for E-B-1 Estimate 9000.    
                    On INKS/PACKS folder, I added both layer pad and case divided.
                    This should print under the case code.
                    Layer Pad 2  (Material Type = 5 in M-F-1)
                    Divider 4        (Material Type = 6 in M-F-1)
                    
                    
                    Note: See attached notes for sample.
J-U-1-   10281309 E N-K JobCardF = Carded2  Copy Accord Make Changes  (Accord was Copy of
                    N-K Job CardF = Carded2   Copy Accord and Make followoing changes  
                    Please note, Original Job Ticket was from Century Box task 10180610.
                    DO NOT MODIFY N-K-1 JobCardF = Carded     Test  ASI Job 206937
                          1) TOP SECTION  
                         a)  Add Carded Graphics Name to Top of Form just like Carded Job Card
                         b)  Remove the Bar Code, Date/Time Generated,  Status 
                         c)  Add Created by:   Pull User Id from J-U-1 File.                           
                    2 Under DUE DATE add PROD DATE (Pull PROD DATE field on the VIEW ORDER TAB) 
                    3) Add LAYOUT: (Print DIE # from ESTIMATE SPEC TAB)
                    4) ITEM SECTION (Accord Section Prints by Form but need  Carded Job Ticket Heading but with follo
                    wing changes    
                        a.) Change CASE to CASE/SIZE and MOVE the CASE SIZE under the CASE NUMBER     
                        b.) Add space for Name/Descriptin but ALLOW Carton Case Size to Print Full Size 
                    5) BOARD SECTION (Pull from same fields as the CARDED ticket )  Reorder as follows:
                        a) Board code, Sheets; House Sheet Size, Min Sheet Size, CAD #,  PO#, Due date, Vendor 
                        b) Add 3 more spaces to CAD # field than is currently on the CARDED ticket if possible
                    6) INK SECTION  (Add a LBS column like the Carded Ticket)  
                    7) MACHINE SECTION   Remove OUTPUT Column
                           a) Add  more space to write in the GOOD SHTS/PCS and OPER INIT/DATE Columns
                           b) Add DATE after OPER INIT  
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 109

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    8) NOTES  SECTION   Print Same as Accord currently Prints  - Changes can be made later.
                    9) LABEL   When Toggle Box checked this will print the same
J-U-1-   11130809 E Corrtrim Integration (See Attachments) (Invoiced on Contract)
                    Delta has a Corrugator in their plant to make sheets for their sheet plant converting machines.
                    Job Data for sheets will be downloaded to the corrugated scheduling software, CorrTrim, written b
                    y Corrugated Technology, Inc.
                    
                    Once this software has scheduled the Corrugator by Job, the start date and start time must be dow
                    n loaded to the Advantzware Job File.   ASI will search import this data every time the file has 
                    been updated.  The Report Corrugator Schedule (RCSH) transaction is used to send the corrugator s
                    chedule information to the business system.  
J-U-1-   11141302 E N-K JobCardF = Carded2  Integer Value =1   (More Changes)
                    N-K Job CardF = Carded2     Integer Value =1   New Logic for Department Notes for Form 0
                    Existing logic prints Department Notes by Form for each Department Notes Section.
                    Add New Logic as Folllows:
                    Notes added to Form 0 for that Specific Department will print on each form.
                          For example, Add .
                          Note = Customer Press Approval Required  for  Department = PR for Form 0.
                          This same note will print on every form for Department PR.
                          This note will print before specific notes for that Form for this Department.
                    Department Notes Follow and Only Department Notes will be Modified for Form 0
                    Printing Department Notes = PR          
                    Die Cutting Department = DC                 
                    Windowing Department = WN               
                    Finishing Departmen = GL   
                    
                    ALSO 
                    1.) make the job number bigger and bold
                    2.) move 'Page: 1 of 3' to under the job number
                    3.) change the word 'Page' to 'FORM'
                    4.) make 'PROD DATE' bold like DUE DATE
                    5.) remove the number of cases needed and the case size
                    6.) reorganize to CASE#/COUNT with the case count listed under the case #
                    7.) After CASE#/COUNT add ORDER TYPE and list if it is an original or repeat order.
                    8.) increase the number of ink units to 10 (the 106XL has 10 ink wells)
                    9.) Department = MN    We will list all misc notes under this heading.
                    
                    The Following are SPEC Notes for this Job Ticket ( Form 0 WiLL NOT Print on Spec Notes)    Printi
                    ng Spec Notes = PRT
                    Die Cutting Spec Notes = CC
                    Window Spec Notes = WD
                    Finishing Spec Notes = GL
                    Packing Spec Notes = PK
                    Other Notes        Print Spec Notes Not Equal to WD,PRT,CC,GL and PK.  
J-U-1-   11141408 E EXCEL Icon  New Fields for Routing
                    See Attached.
                    Create Separate Excel Icon on each TAB. 
                    
                    Currently, the Available Fields only shows the Fields from View Job Tab 
                    
                    1)  Add Fields from the Materials Tab.
                          Job#, S#, B#, RM Item#, Item Name, Costs, Cost/M, Tot MRP, Qty UOM, Width, Length, #Up.
                          MSF Weight, AutoPost? Qty Committed, 
                    Each Materials will be sorted by S#, B#
                    
                    2)  Add Available Fields from Routing Tab 
                         Job#,  S#,B#,P#, Machine, Item Name, Lag Time, Dept, MRHrs, RunHrs, Speed, Waste%,
                         MR DL, MRFOH, MR VOH,
                         Setup Start Date, Setup Start Time, Setup End Time, Setup End Time, Set Completed
                         Run Start Date, Run Start Time, Run End Time, Run End Time, Run Completed
                         Run Quantity, 
                         Locked
                    Each Machine will be sorted by S#,B#,P#
J-U-1-   11181311 E Job File -  Add *Wildcard* Search* by Customer Name
                    Click in Customer Field at  Top of Browser.   Press F1.
                    At Bottom of search, click in Customer Name Field.
                    
                    Add search functionality that will allow user to search items for any text that would be containe
                    d in the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    Search with *..........*   to search item names.
                    
                    For Example.  
                    Search for Box and only no records appear.
                    New Logic.
                    Type  *Box*  
                    This will find all Customer  with the characters = Box
                    
                    This will work exactly like the search in A-F-1
                    
                    Search without the *    *   will continue to search only the 1st letters of the records.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 110

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
J-U-1-   11181312 E Job File -  Add *Wildcard* Search* by Item Name
                    Click in FG Item# Field at  Top of Browser.   Press F1.
                    At Bottom of search, click in Item Name Field.
                    
                    Add search functionality that will allow user to search items for any text that would be containe
                    d in the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    Search with *..........*   to search item names.
                    
                    For Example.  
                    Search for Box and only no records appear.
                    New Logic.
                    Type  *Box*  
                    This will find all Customer  with the characters = Box
                    
                    This will work exactly like the search in I-F-1 search by Item Name.
                    
                    Please Note,
                    Search without the *    *   will continue to search only the 1st letters of the records.
J-U-1-   12131302 E FARM Tab on JU1
                    New FARM Tab on the Job File for Purchased Finished Jobs
                    Copy Fields from J-U-1 Materials Tab   (Also need WIP File for FG Receipts) 
                    ADD, DELETE, UPDATE, Buttons
                    For example, Estimate 11524 for Job 207197 has 1 Farmed Item and 2 Manufactured.
                    The New Farm Tab will have the Following Fields
                    S/B,                            (Updated when Job is Created)
                    FG Item Code,        (Updated when Job is Created)  
                    FG Item Name,       (Updated when Job is Created)  
                    Std Mat'l Cost/M,    (Calculate as Total Est Cost / 1000) 
                    Est Cost,                    (Updated when Job is Created) 
                    Est UOM,                   (Updated when Job is Created) 
                    Est Setup,                  (Updated when Job is Created)
                    MRP Qty,                   (Updated when Job is Created)         
                    Qty Committed,       (Updated when FG item is Allocated via Order Entry) 
                    Vendor Code           (Updated when Job is Created 
                    Vendor PO#,            (Updated when FG Item is Purchased) 
                    Vendor PO Qty,       (Updated when FG Item is Purchased)
                    PO UOM,                   (Updated when FG Item is Purchased)
                    PO Cost                     (Updated when FG Item is Purchased)
                    PO Setup                  (Updated when FG Item is Purchased)
                    Total Stnd Cost       (Total MRP/1000 x Cost/M),  
                    Total Actual Cost,   (Total Receipts for Job#  Cost EA )    (Total Receipts from I-F-1 History fo
                    r Job)
                    Actual Cost/M          (Calculated as Total Cost / 1000  -  ACTUAL Costs TABLE can be Attached to
                     FARM Tab or Link to I-F-1 History Tab.                                  (Scroll Down) 
                    The I-F-1 History File     will have the Detail Receipts for the FARM Tab Including   
                    FG Item, Receipt Qty, Vendor PO#, Job#, Tag#, Cost, UOM, Whse, Bin, 
                    
J-U-1-   12131303 E FARM Tab on Job File Updated via Job Creation
                    J-U-1 Add Job and O-U-1 Jobs Created via new Orders with Estimates
                    
                    New FARM Tab on the Job File for Purchased Finished Jobs
                    For example, Estimate 11524 for Job 207197 has 1 Farmed Item and 2 Manufactured.
                    The New Farm Tab will have the Following Fields
                    S/B,                            (Updated when Job is Created)
                    FG Item Code,        (Updated when Job is Created)  
                    FG Item Name,       (Updated when Job is Created)  
                    Std Mat'l Cost/M,    (Calculate as Total Est Cost / 1000) 
                    Est Cost,                    (Updated when Job is Created) 
                    Est UOM,                   (Updated when Job is Created) 
                    Est Setup,                  (Updated when Job is Created)
                    MRP Qty,                   (Updated when Job is Created)         
                    Qty Committed,       (Updated when FG item is Allocated) 
                    
                    Another File can be Attached to FARM Tab or We can Link to I-F-1 History Tab.
                    The I-F-1 History File will have the Detail Receipts for the FARM Tab Including
                    Vendor PO#, Job#, Tag#, Cost, UOM, Whse, Bin, 
                    
J-U-2-   01271102 E N-K UnAppJU2 log = yes  Ability to unapprove my user that transferred
                    Need the ability to place security on the unapprove button in J-U-2.
                    This would allow only the user that transferred the order to J-U-2, to unapprove that order.  The
                     exception would be anyone in the group called JU2 Entered in N-C User groups
J-U-2-   02161003 E Toggle box to print all unprinted Jobs
                    Need the ability to print the factory tickets within J-U-2 that are unprinted.
                    Add new check box to say, print all unprinted tickets.  This would only print tickets that are in
                     J-U-2, and have not been printed in J-U-2 ( so PJT user id is blank).  This new check box would 
                    only show when called from JU2.  Will only show for jobcardc = Artios and jobcardf = FibreFC.
J-U-2-   07231010 E BROWSER SORT
                    In J-U-2, Can we get these to fields to be Sort By fields like the other Yellow ones?  
                    Please see attached file.
                    Make the two fields in J-U-2 sortable fields  PJT Print Date and PJT Print time.  Not sure if thi
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 111

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    s could be done and what logic it would follow.  please advise
                    
                    ESP : PJT Print Date sorts both PJT Print Date and PJT Print Time.
J-U-2-   08201005 E N-K UnAppJU2 log = yes Approved jobs Browser to show PO number and she
                    Add First PO# and sheets on order to the Browser screen.
                    This would require sets to show each component of the set on the browser similarly to the way com
                    bo's and tandems now show on the browser. 
                    
                    Each set component will be viewable only when double-clicking on the master set item.  A new brow
                    ser window will open which will show the components and the PO# and sheets on order.  If there ar
                    e multiple PO#s, it will show only the last one.  Double-clicking will show all P.O.s for each ma
                    terial regardless of type of estimate.
J-U-2-   12091001 E N-K UnAppJU2 log = yes  Ability to unapprove by user that transferred
                    N-K UnAppJU2 log = yes
                    Need the ability to place security on the unapprove button in J-U-2.
                    This would allow only the user that transferred the order to J-U-2, to unapprove that order.  
                    The exception would be anyone in the group called JU2 Entered in N-C User groups
J-U-4-   01070806 E J-U-4  New Menu   "ASSIGN WIP Tags" to assign Machine Code.
                    Screen will look exactly like the M-U-2 WIP folder.
                    The field mmust be updateable so user can assign a machine code, warehouse, bin location and quan
                    tity.    This program will be used as the sheets are run through each machine.
                    From Sheeting to Printing to Die Cutting to Gluiing.
                    
                    ADD button will position cursor on WIP Tag field.  
                    F1 will search for Wip Tags with Status of Printed, On Hand or Machine Code.  
                    Field sequence will be WIP Tag, Machine Code,  Machine Name (Display Only)
                    Wip Whse, Wip Bin,  Quantity.     Followed by other Wip Fields.
                    
                    SAVE Button will Post the Transaction to the WIP Tag File Machine Folder.
                    Hence, the same Tag# is used from machine to machine but Machine Code and warehouse and WIP bin l
                    ocation are updated.
                    
                    To Test   
                    RM Item SBS18-24
                    Created WIP Tags by pasting Raw Tag 01014060010000001 to Tag 01014060010000002
                    Type Job 202699   
                    Created WIP tags with 2,500 and one tag with 2101.
                    WIP Tags will be updated 1 at a time from Machine to Machine
J-U-4-   07051106 E J-U-4  New Menu   "ASSIGN WIP Tags" to assign Machine Code.
                    The same Tag# is used post sheets produced from machine to machine.
                    1) Remove all of J-U-4 that Sewa Wrote.  This already exists in J-F-5.
                    2) See Attached J-F-5 Browser.
                        We need an Updateble Browser that Creates new WIP Machine Record in J-F-5.
                    ADD button will position cursor on WIP Tag field.  
                        F1 to find WIP Tag from J-F-5 for the Most Recent Date and Time.
                        F1 on Machine Code from Machine File E-B-1.  
                        F1 on Wip Warehouse and WIP Bin from J-F-4 Wip Bins.
                    Once WIP Tag is entere, the exiting Wip Warehouse and Bin and Qty will import.
                    The fieldsmust be updateable so user can assign a machine code, warehouse, bin location and quant
                    ity.    This J-U-4 will be post production as the sheets are run through each machine.
                    From Sheeting to Printing to Die Cutting to Gluiing.
                    
                    Bottom of Screen will have POST Button will create new Transaction to the WIP Tag Machine File Ma
                    chine Folder.     Post Button will have From WIP Tag# ____   To WIP Tag# _____   
                    From Date  _____   To Date ____           From Machine  _____   TO Machine _______  
                    
                    To Test   
                    RM Item SBS18-24
                    Created WIP Tags by pasting Raw Tag 01014060010000001 to Tag 01014060010000002
                    Type Job 202699   
                    Created WIP tags with 2,500 and one tag with 2101.
                    WIP Tags will be updated 1 at a time from Machine to Machine
J-U-5-   06031003 E N-K Jobcardc = Artios
                    When a note is entered under either the Book icon or the Pen icon, and is for Department or spec 
                    code "UN" This will print on the set utilization page in the note section.
J-U-8-   10211002 E Selecting the job using F1 is not pulling the job info.
                    Customer has uploaded info from Corr Trim. 
                    In JU8, entering the Job#, Completion Date, and pressing "Go", does not pull in the job info.  Th
                    e screen stays the same.  
                    They need this because there are too many jobs to scroll through (see attachment).
M- - -   07041201 E Resize Project RM
                    Resize Project
M-C-1-   08111003 E Add Description field as a sort by option on M-C-1
                    Add description field as a sort by option on report M-C-1.
M-F-1-   01041201 E Material Type C to allow Ven Cost UOM = EA and M
                    Folding Carton Materials M-F-2
                    Find any material type = C.   See Attached.
                    The VEND COST unit of measure via the F1 only shows EA.  
                    Add M as another option.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 112

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
M-F-1-   01071407 E Add MOVE Icon to Browser
                    See Attached MOVE icon that now exists on Finished Goods browser.
                    Add to Raw Materials Folding and Corrugated.
                    This allows moving columns on Browser.
                    This allows reducing or expanding the size of the field.
                    
                    Add new Fields to Browsers.
                    Description 1
                    CType
                    C-UOM
                    Qty On Hand
                    Qty Committed
                    Qty On Order
                    
M-F-1-   01231402 E Change Label Headings to Save Room
                    New browser Looks Great but we reduce Column Headings.
                    
                    1)  Change Material Type to   
                          Mat'l
                          Type
                    
                    2)  Change Category  to  Catgy
M-F-1-   03071304 E Add ARROW keys at Bottom to Go to Next RM Item Code.
                    See Attached.
                    Customer would to have arrow keys added to the raw materials screen.   
                    See I-F-1 
                    View Item Tab and Inventory Tab.
                    The Arrow Keys that Allow you to view the Next or Previous FG Item Code.
                    
                    Add arrows to the VEND COST tab.
M-F-1-   05271101 E Inventory Folder, Available Field to Become BUTTON
                    Raw Materials INVENTORY folder.  (See attached)
                    Make the Available Field a Button like the other fields on that folder.
                    New AVAILABLE button will combine the ON ORDER BUTTON and COMMITTED Buttons.
                    See Attached sample of Mid York Screen for logic we are duplicating.
                    Use ASI item SBS18-25 as test example.
                    
                    For new Available Button, copy Committed Button and add new fields.
                    See Attached Sample of combined Committed and On Order Button.
                    1)   Add Balance on far Right.
                    2)  The committed button shows On Hand at the top of the screen
                    3)  The Jobs are quantities committed for the raw material and reduce ON HAND.
                    4)  The On Order button shows Purchase Orders with Due Date and increase ON HAND.
                          Add this quantity under the Required field on the new screen.  
                    
M-F-1-   06021403 E Delete Raw Good Item must check History before Deleting
                    Find Item SBS18-24
                    Next, click History Button and you will see data.
                    Next, click View Item.
                    Click Delete Button.
                    
                    The program will delete this item even if History Exists.
                    If history exists, program will not allow deleting of the record.
                    Display warning.
                    "Sorry, History exists, item and history must be purged via system administrator"
                    
                    
                    Please note.
                    If RM Item is BLANK.
                    The delete button should delete the items without checking for any conditions such as open purcha
                    se orders, history, etc.
                    A blank item code should never exist so DELETE will simply remove this.
M-F-1-   06031001 E Toggle Box = Zero On Hand  in raw material file, Inventory Folder.
                    Toggle Box = Zero On Hand  in raw material file, Inventory Folder.
                    On the Raw Materials Inventory screen have a check box to flag an item as non inventory.  When a 
                    receipt is entered, the system will also generate a negative receipt as an extra receipt line wit
                    h a negative quantity.   The net result is on-hand quantity will equal zero.
                    The purpose is for them to be able to enter a receipt showing it was received, yet they don't wan
                    t that value adding to inventory.  Items like toilet paper,  etc.
M-F-1-   07291402 E Add MOVE Icon to History Browser
                    See Attached MOVE icon that now exists on Raw Materials Browser.
                    Add to Raw Materials Folding and Corrugated HISTORY Tab.
                    This allows moving columns on Browser.
                    This allows reducing or expanding the size of the field.
M-F-1-   08301105 E History Folder - Add, Copy, Delete Buttons when Logged in as ASI
                    Task#  07090803  was to add buttons in the Finished Goods History Folder.
                    We need similar button in the Raw Materials History Folder.
                    
                    Add DELETE button to delete the line item in History.
                    Add COPY button to Copy line item in History.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 113

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    For Sharp Shooter Clients
                    This will provide abilitty to correct data entry errors, then recaculate the inventory totals.
                    This will also allow customers that have inventory without tags to switch to tags.
                    When a customer buys Sharp Shooter, the inventory on hand will not have a Tag#.
                    They can COPY an existing Receipt line an add a TAG# to that Line.
                    They can Copy that new Receipt and change the Tag#.
                    When they have duplicated added enough Tags to equal the On Hand without the Tag, then they can D
                    ELETE that Receipt Line.   
                    
                    Please note,  user ID must be asi for COPY and DELETE button to work.
M-F-1-   09051411 E Change and Add New Radio Buttons (see Attached)
                    See Attached.
                    Folding Materials / Bin Location
                    
                    1)  Change Radio Button.
                         Change Label Primary Bin Loc = Bin Loc
                    2)  Add new Radio Button Vendor PO#
                    3)  Add new Radio Button Tag#.
                    
                    If you click the Radio Button the Cursor will immediately focus on the AutoFind Button.
                    This will allow user to search by
                    Bin Location
                    Tag#
                    Vendor PO#.
M-F-1-   09241307 E Add Excel Icon to M-F-1  View Tab Folding Materials
                    Add Excel Icon on M-F-1 Raw Materials View ItemTab 
                    This will allow users to export any field from this table and export to excel.
                    All fields on the Materials View Item Table that are visible should be selectable as fields / col
                    umns for output..
                    
                    Output Parameter will be From Raw Material Item______ to Raw Material Item____________
                    Default to Materials Displayed on the Browser.
                    
                    Once Fields are selected, they must be saved b User ID.
                    When User returns to Output to Excel the fields that were selected last time report ran should be
                     preselected.  Therefore ASI may select fields that will be different then user JOE that may sele
                    ct different fields.
                    
M-F-1-   10261201 E Convert Folding Raw Materials and Folding Styles to Corrugated
M-F-1-   11181303 E Folding Materials -  Add *Wildcard* Search* on the AutoFind Option
                    Click in AutoFind Box at the bottom of the Browser.
                    Click Item Name 
                    
                    Add search functionality that will allow user to search items for any text that would be containe
                    d in the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    Search with *..........*   to search item names.
                    
                    For Example.  
                    Click on Item Name.
                    Search for Liner and only 1 Item appears.
                    New Logic.
                    Type  *Liner*  
                    This will find all materials with the characters = Liner in its name.
                    
                    Please Note,
                    Search without the *    *   will continue to search only the 1st letters of the records.
M-F-1-   11261403 E HISTORY to Display A/P Invoiced Status with Update with Security Acces
                    Raw Materials History Tab new A/P Invoice Status.
                    
                    This new field can be updated by the User ID ASI or users with security via the Program Master.  
                     This will allow ASI and customers to corect the database if a bug in the V-U-1 program improperl
                    y updates the RM History table.
                    
                    
                    Business Reason for this Logic.
                    When RM Receipts are posted, the A/P Invoice# and/or Status is updated in the RM History database
                    .   This logic is used when adding an A/P invoice from a purchase order.
                    Somehow,  purchase orders with multiple lines are showing the wrong status.
                    For example, 1 PO Line is received and Invoice.
                    However, the 2 PO Line item is received but the user cannot add the A/P Invoice.
                    The warning on the V-U-1 Invoice line tab states "No PO Avaialbe"
M-F-2-   08301003 E Request for additional quantity breaks.
                    Customer would like additional quantity breaks in the vendor cost matrix 
                    (10) more if possible, but at least (3) - see attached.
                    
                    Once Done, all estimate calculations would need to be modified.
                    This quote include hours to recalculate all estimates.
                    This quote includes logic for Order Entry, we prompt for a PO and import the cost based on the Ma
                    trix for N-K-1 OEAUTOPO.    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 114

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    Likewise, Adding Job via J-U-1 will prompt to create a PO and will use the price matrix to import
                     cost.    This quote includes work to ensure that that also works.
                    
                    Likewise, Adding PO via J-U-1 will import cost form the matrix when adding PO with Quantity for a
                     Job.  This quote allows time for making sure the cost imports from the expanded Matrix.
M-F-2-   09051412 E Change and Add New Radio Buttons (see Attached)
                    See Attached.
                    Corrugated  Materials / Bin Location
                    
                    1)  Change Radio Button.
                         Change Label Primary Bin Loc = Bin Loc
                    2)  Add new Radio Button Vendor PO#
                    3)  Add new Radio Button Tag#.
                    
                    If you click the Radio Button the Cursor will immediately focus on the AutoFind Button.
                    This will allow user to search by
                    Bin Location
                    Tag#
                    Vendor PO#.
M-F-2-   09241308 E Add Excel Icon to M-F-1  View Tab  - Corrugated Materials
                    Add Excel Icon on M-F-1 Raw Materials View ItemTab 
                    This will allow users to export any field from this table and export to excel.
                    All fields on the Materials View Item Table that are visible should be selectable as fields / col
                    umns for output..
                    
                    Output Parameter will be From Raw Material Item______ to Raw Material Item____________
                    Default to Materials Displayed on the Browser.
                    
                    Once Fields are selected, they must be saved b User ID.
                    When User returns to Output to Excel the fields that were selected last time report ran should be
                     preselected.  Therefore ASI may select fields that will be different then user JOE that may sele
                    ct different fields.
                    
M-F-2-   11181304 E Corrugated Materials -  Add *Wildcard* Search* on the AutoFind Option
                    Click in AutoFind Box at the bottom of the Browser.
                    Click Item Name 
                    
                    Add search functionality that will allow user to search items for any text that would be containe
                    d in the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    Search with *..........*   to search item names.
                    
                    For Example.  
                    Click on Item Name.
                    Search for Liner and only no records will appear.
                    New Logic.
                    Type  *Liner*  
                    This will find all materials with the characters = Liner 
                    
                    Please Note,
                    Search without the *    *   will continue to search only the 1st letters of the records.
M-I-S-C  06271209 E Resize Project Misc.
                    Resize Project
M-R-1-   11061403 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (MR1) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  Char Value - MR1 
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    Add the Following new Fields to the new Report Only
                    a)  Add Alll fields listed on the DETAILS Radio Button
                    
                    b)  Change Radio Buttons for Material Type to a RANGE.
                          Form Material Type  ______             To Materials Type  ________
                    
                    Materials types, X, Y,Z, 7,8,9 are not available with the Old report.
                    The new Range will pick up all material types.
M-R-1-0  04041404 E Subtotal by Item
                    Add toggle "Subtotal By Item" .
                    When checked, this should show the total for all columns currently summed in the subtotal by Cate
                    gory option.  Should work in both detail and summary mode.
M-R-1-0  11061409 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (MR10) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  Char Value - MR10
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 115

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    Add the Following new Fields to the new Report Only
                    a)  Add Alll fields listed on the DETAILS Radio Button
                    
M-R-1-1  11061410 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (MR11) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  Char Value - MR11
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    
                    
M-R-1-2  11061411 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (MR12) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  Char Value - MR12
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    1)  Remove Radio Buttons Ink/Glue  or  Wax/Coat and Change Material Selection to
                         Ink
                         Glue
                         Wax
                         Coat 
                    2)  Ink/Glue and Wax/Coat  print the RM Item Code  SO -  Change Field to RM Item Code
                    3)  Legacy Report via  Ink/Glue & Wax/Coat Radio Buttons  - Prints different fields.
                          New Report will combine  all Fields into 1 report.
                    RM Item Code, Issue Date, Job #,  Board, Sheets Issued, Board MSF,  Board Weight, Pickup%,  Wax-C
                    oat Weight,  Product Category, Produced,  Qty Issued/Lbs, Machine,  FG Category
                    
                    
                    
                    
M-R-1-3  11061413 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (MR13) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  Char Value - MR13 
                    Roll Stock Cost
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    A) Remove Toggle Box Print Category and add this to Available Field = RM Catgry.
                    B) Remove Toggle Box Print Cost/MSF and add this to Available Field = Cost/MSF
                    C) Remove Toggle Box Print LF Committed? and add this to Available Field = LF Committed.
                    D) Remove Toggle Box Print Last Cost for Cost/MSF and add Available Field = Last PO Cost.
                    
                    Please note, current report prints either Cost/MSF or Last Cost.
                    New Report will have both Fields.
                    
                    
                    
                    
M-R-1-4  08111413 E Ability to allow job-mch records to be included when start/end dates a
                    Ability to allow job-mch records to be included when start/end dates are blank.
                    
                    Check NK1 Schedule.  If NoDate include the job-mch records where the start/end dates (SB Pending)
                     are included in calculations.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 116

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
M-R-1-4  08201009 E New Report Quoted $75 an hour
                    See attached
M-R-1-4  10011001 E New Report Quoted $75 an hour
                    See attached.  Report looks good, couple other request to make it exactly what we need. 
                    Please make the following modifications:
                    1.  The Value column should exhibit the $$ value of the category On Hand Qty. 
                          = ASI report doesn't exhibit any dollar amount
                    2.  The Sequence column should exhibit the sequence # a job on the schedule board ? 
                           I am not sure where the number on ASI report is coming from 
                           "it is not from the resource on the SB" 
                            we can live without this column if a big problem
                    3.   Please sort all jobs for a RM Item# as follows
                           a.   Print Date 
                           b.   Sequence # 
                           c.    Resource
                    4.  Add sort options similar to MR4
M-R-1-4  11061414 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (MR14) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  Char Value - MR14
                    Roll Stock Cost
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
M-R-1-4  11221004 E Changes to report quoted at $75
                    Change allocation caluclation to be reduced based on the quantity issued to the job for all mater
                    ial types.
                    If material type is equal to B,I,V,L,P  AND department code eq "PR", allocation should not show o
                    n the report once run complete flag is "YES". (ESP I think it already does this, only looks at ma
                    chines run-complete eq no).
M-R-1-4  12271201 E MR14  - add parameters for Run Start Date and Machine
                    Update MR14  => Job Material/Machine Report
                    
                    2 new parameters need to be added to control what displays in the job detail per material.
                    
                    1)  Add parameter filter - Beginning Run start Date   to End run start date
                    Run Start Date should be pulled from JU1 Routing Screen.  Change label from "Print Date" to "Star
                    t Date"
                    
                    2) Add parameter filter - Beginning Machine  End Machine
                    
                    The job breakout section will display a line per job and machine.  The logic for the sequence # d
                    etermination and the Alloc. Total column will not change.
                    
                    
M-R-2-   11061404 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (MR2) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  Char Value - MR2
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    Add the Following new Fields to the new Report Only
                    a)  Add Alll fields listed on the DETAILS Radio Button
                    
M-R-3-   02261404 E N-K Reports = MR3  - Add Tons & MSF column to sub and grand totals
                    Add a subtotal and grand total for the Tons and MSF columns when viewing detail.
                    Also add Vendor PO# to the list of available columns.  This should use the Vendor PO# from the Bi
                    n/Tags file.
M-R-3-   04171405 E N-K Reports = View Form MR3 - Logical Value = Yes
                    N-K-1 Reports.
                    New View Form = MR3  Logical Value = Yes
                    
                    1)  New DEFAULT button.
                          This will set the fields to print to the original report when MR3 Logical Value = No.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 117

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          Same fields and sequence as the Original Report.
                    
                    2)  Add new Field = Vendor
                         This will be the Vendor Code from the Vendor PO# listed in the Bin File.
                    
                    3)  Add new Field = Cert/Lot/Mill#  from the History Tab
                    
                    
                    Please note, when a TAG# exists in the Bin, 
                    There will only be 1 vendor PO# and for the Original RECEIPT transaction.
                    This History Receipt will list the Cert/Lot/Mill# 
M-R-3-   06201404 E N-K Reports = MR3  - Add Toggle Box = Estimated Mat'l
                    The existing Reports does not print Estimated materials.
                    This report will only print Real Stocked Materials.   See Attached.
                    
                    On Report Parameter
                    Add new Toggle Box called   "Include Estimated Mat'l" 
                    
                    When Unchecked, the report Only Print the Reals Materials as the Current Report Printe.
                    
                    When Checked the Report will print Estimated Materials.
                    But Only Items with ON HAND TAGS.
                    
                    To Test.
                    Print Item 200 C  to 200 C
M-R-3-   07171402 E N-K Reports = View Form MR3 - Logical Value = Yes - Add "Last Recd"
                    N-K Reports = View Form MR3 - Logical Value = Yes
                    
                    Add new Field called ":Last Recd  
                    to the Available Columns List.
                    This will be the date of the most recent receipt for this item.
                    This data will be pulled from HISTORY similar to the Rec Date column that now prints.
                    
                    For each Tag#, find the Vendor PO#.
                    Find the Last Receipt Date for this PO#.
                    
                    Joes Test 7/23/14
                    For each Tag#, find the Vendor PO# in the History File.  
                    Find the Last Receipt Date for this Vendor PO#.
                    
                    See Attached. 
                    Find Item SBS18-24
                    Search by Vendor PO# 102299
                    This will list many Tags for this PO.
                    However each tag will only have just ONE Receipt.
                    Therefore each tag would have the same date for the First Receipt and the Last Receipt.
                    
                    This NEW logic must search by VENDOR PO#.
                    The First Receipt would be 8/22/13
                    The Last Receipt would be 9/05/13
                    
M-R-3-   09061301 E Convert to User Selectable Fields and Column Sequence with MSF
                    Convert MR3 to User Selectable Fields and Column Sequence per User.
                    All existing fields will be Transferred to new Report
                    All existing Print Selection Ranges will be Transferred to new Report
                    All existing Sort Options will be Transferred to new Report
                    All existing Sub Total and Grand Totals will be Transferred to new Report.
                    
                    1) Add new Toggle Box:  Print Detail of Tags?  If Checked the Current Report will Print
                        Add new Toggle Box:  Print Detail of Tags?  If Unchecked, only the Totals by Item will Print.
                    
                    When Unchecked, the Sub Totals or Grand Totals toggle Box Will be Forced to Be Checked.
                    2) New Field called MSF
                         will be added as Field to Select for Report
                         This field will transfer from M-F-1
                         User will be able to place new field in any column position 
                    3)  New Field called Tons
                    4)  New Field called Cost/MSF.
                    
                    Calculation for MSF.   For Example,  ASI Item SBS18-24.5  has width of 24.5 inches
                    If Board = Roll of 100,000 and Consumption UOM = LF
                    MSF = 204.166 =  (100,000 LF    x (24.5 /12"))  / 1000
                    If Board = Sheets and sheet is 24.5 x 34.25   and 35,036 On Hand
                    MSF = 204.166 =  ((35,036 Shts x  (24.5 x 34.25 / 144") ) / 1000) 
M-R-3-   10221305 E NK1 Reports - MR3 add Vendor Tag# to report
                    Add Vendor Tag# to RM Inventory by BIN/TAG report 
                    NK1-Report View report  MR3 report will only be availabe when the Integer value is checked.  This
                     will add Vendor tag# to report 
                    
                    Curently the following columns exist in report
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 118

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    WHSE
                    ITEM
                    DESCRIPTION
                    BIN
                    TAG
                    RCT DAT
                    QUANTITY
                    UNIT COST
                    COST VALUE
                    MSF TONS
                    COST/MSF
                    
                    Mod - Add Vendor tag# to report..  Currently the RM tag# is on this report, need the ability to a
                    lso show  the Vendor tag #. 
M-R-4-   11061405 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (MR4) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  Char Value - MR4
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    Add the Following new Fields to the new Report Only
                    a)  Add Alll fields listed on the DETAILS Radio Button
                    
M-R-5-   02041405 E N-K Report  View Form = Character Value = M-R-5  Logical Value = YES
                    Convert M-R-5 Transaction History Report  into User Selectable Fields(See attached)
                    1)   New and Existing Fields will be Available to Select:
                    2)  Toggle Box to Sort by PO#/Item#,   
                    3)  Toggle Box to SubTotal PO#/Item#.
                    4)  New Fields to Be Added to Select to Report
                         a)     PO Qty    (PO Quantity in Consumption UOM on the P-U-1 Items Tab 
                         b)     Due   (Due Date from P-U-1 Items Tab)
                         c)     Vendor    (Vendor Name from V-F-1 for Vendor Code on P-U-1)
                         d)     Over/Under%  Formula =  (Receipt Qty - PO Qty ) / PO Qty) x 100 )   
                                  Please note, POQty must be Converted into Consumption Qty
                    Existing Fields
                    Type           (Transaction Type = R, I,T,C)
                    Date            (Transaction Date)
                    RM Item      (Raw Material Item Code from the P-U-1 Items Tab)
                    Desc           (Raw Material Name from the P-U-1 Items Tab)
                    PO#             (Vendor Purchase Order# from the P-U-1 View Tab)
                    Job#            (Job#- Suffix# from P-U-1 Items Tab)
                    Tag#            (Tag# from Receipts fro PO#/Line# from P-U-1 Items Tab)
                    Form#          (Form# from P-U-1 Items tab for Job#- Suffix# )
                    FG Item#     (This FG item Listed on Job# listed on Vendor PO#)
                    Whs              (Warehouse)      
                    Bin                 (Bin Location
                    To Whs        (Warehouse  Transferred To)
                    To Bin           (Bin Location Trransferred To)
                    Cost              (Cost from M-U Transactions)
                    Value           (Value from M-U Transactions)
                    Qty                (Qtu  from M-U Transactions)
M-R-5-   02131401 E N-K Report  View Form = Character Value = M-R-5  Logical Value = YES
                    Convert M-R-5 Transaction History Report  into User Selectable Fields(See attached)
                    
                    1)  Add new Field called Over%  as a selectable Field.
                         This will be the field = PO-Ordl.Over-Pct
                    
                    2) The Over/Under% Formula should be
                         ((Receipt Qty - PO Qty ) / PO Qty ) x 100  = Over/Under%
M-R-5-   04171412 E N-K Reports = MR5  - DEFAULT Button
                    N-K-1 Reports.
                    New View Form = MR5
                    
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when MR5 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
M-R-5-   05081406 E N-K Report  View Form = M-R-5  Logical Value = YES - Add Tons column
                    Add new Field on new MR5 (with selectable column) called Tons.  
                    This should be calculated the same way as the Tons column in MR11.
                    
M-R-5-   07121305 E Modify Report - M-R-5
                    M-R-5 Transaction History Report  (See attached)
                    Click Toggle Box = Issue.
                    Print FG item and Item Name for Job.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 119

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    If Tag# exists, search Form# issued to find the Finished Goods Item Code and Name.
                    If Tag# does not exist, print FG item from Job File.
                    If Tag# does not exist and Job is a Combination Job or Tandem Job with mulltiple Items, the progr
                    am will pirnt the first item only from the job file. 
M-R-6-   11061406 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (MR6) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  Char Value - MR6
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    Add the Following new Fields to the new Report Only
                    a)  Add Alll fields listed on the DETAILS Radio Button
                    
M-R-7-   11061407 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (MR7) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  Char Value - MR7
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    Add the Following new Fields to the new Report Only
                    a)  Add Alll fields listed on the DETAILS Radio Button
                    
M-R-8-   05141302 E N-K Reports View Form MR8 Logical Value = YES
                    RR8 Report only prints 1 Ink Code per original programming.
                    Loy Lange order # 27538. Estimate 64381 has multiple forms with multiple inks.
                    However, report only print 1st ink.
                    
                    Solution.
                    1) Convert Report to Report Writer and add multiple Ink Codes to Print on the Report.
                    2) Add Multiple Forms to Print.
                    3) Add User Selectable Fields to Select including Ink1, Ink2, Ink3, Ink4, Ink5, Ink6.
M-R-9-   11061408 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value (MR9) Forms Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  Char Value - MR9
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    Add the Following new Fields to the new Report Only
                    a)  Add Alll fields listed on the DETAILS Radio Button
                    
M-U- -   07021301 E New Record ID Logic to Prevent Record Locking
                    We are 99% positive when this issue was made the cost should have been pulled as 90 cents/lb.  Ho
                    wever, as you can see the price was posted as 30.68/lb.  We suspect this is because when multiple
                     users are in M-U-1 or M-U-2 that they are not being locked out of each others transactions. 
                    
                    Somehow, records are being merged and causing errant postings.  
                    This must be rectified.  
                    Just today, I am told a person was entering a receipt in M-U-1 and, when another user attempted a
                    n entry simultaneously, their record disappeared altogether.  Users have to be locked out from ea
                    ch other's transactions. 
                    
                    We first suspected users were accidentally copying a non-posted entry of another user, but now we
                     believe it is this cause.  
                    
                    
                    ASI Solution
                    New Standard Progress Record Number to Prevents Locking. 
                    
M-U-1-   02251002 E N-K RMRECPT Decimal = 1 When clicking copy in M-U-1, cursor to start a
                    N-K RMRECPT Decimal = 1 When clicking copy in M-U-1, cursor to start at tag#
                    Copy button will start at the tag#. 
                    User can press the Shift Tab key to backup to other fields.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 120

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    After clicking save, they cursor will be postitiioned on last line.  
M-U-1-   03171107 E N-K RMUnderOver    Character Value to Dictate Logic to Check Over and
                    Character Value = UnderRuns and OverRun 
                    This will be default logic when creating this new N-K-1 Parameter.
                    This will check each raw material receipt for underun and overrun quantity.
                    This option will be used when tag numbers are not used via the M-U-1 menu.
                    The user enters the total receipt quantity for all pallets and rolls on one line.
                    
                    Character Value = OverRuns Only 
                    This will check each raw material receipt only for overrun quantity.
                    This option will be used when receiving multiple tag numbers via M-U-1.
                    System has no idea how many tags will be added so it checks underrun every line.
                    The user enters the total receipt quantity for each  pallets or roll tag so the program would che
                    ck for underrun on each line and prompt warning.    
                    This parameter will turn this feature off and never check for underrun quantity.
                    
                    
                    Original task 09281005:  
                    Tested on ASI PO 101420
M-U-1-   07071108 E Add order quantity to "F1" lookup on ITEM field when entering receipt
                    Click M-U-1.
                    Click ADD button.
                    Tab to PO# and press F1 on PO#. 
                    Window Appears   (Attached) 
                    
                    1)  Expand this window size to show all fields.
                    2)  Add purchase order quantity between PO# and Item#.
                    3)  IF needed,  Add Scroll Bar at Bottom to show more all fields in Window.
                    
M-U-1-   09281005 E N-K RMUnderOver  New popup when receiving under the qty minus the PO Q
                    N-K RMUnderOver  
                    New popup warning message when receiving outside the allowable overrun and underrun of a purchase
                     order quantity.
                    
                    Logical Value = Yes turns on this logic.
                    Logical Value = No will not use this logic.
                    
                    Character Value = OverRuns Only.  When receiving over the quantity plus the overrun, a popup come
                    s up to notify you that the receipt quantity is over the allowable overrun..  
                    
                    Character Value = UnderRuns and OverRun
                    When receiving over the quantity plus the overrun, a popup comes up to notify you.  
                    Also, when receiving under the Purchase Order quantity less the underrun percentage, system will 
                    display a warning message.
M-U-2-   02211105 E N-K RMTAGS  DELETE Button in M-U-2 to Remove WIP Tags
                    Add Issue for Job 202699 for Raw Material Item sbs18-24.
                    Select  WIP Tags by pasting Raw Tag 01014060010000009 to Tag 0101406001000001
                    
                    WIP Tags Created via the M-U-2 Button should be deleted if the RM Issue is deleted.
                    Delete button will search N-K-1 RMTAGS logical value = YES.
                    If logical value = YES, 
                    program will search Brwse WipTags = RM Tag listed on the M-U-2 line that also have Wip Tag Status
                     = ISSUED 
                    
                    The net result is we want tight inventory control.
                    RM Tags become WIP tags and we cannot have both on hand.
                    If we delete an unposted raw material issue for a RM tag then must delete the WIP Tags that were 
                    created / assigned to that RM Tag.
                    
                    
M-U-2-   02241109 E N-K RMTAGS  M-U-2 to Select WIP Tags
                    Add raw material Issue for Job 202699 for Raw Material Item sbs18-24.
                    Select  WIP Tags by pasting Raw Tag 01014060010000009 to Tag 0101406001000001
                    
                    N-K-RMTAGS
                    Logical Value  = YES will create WIP Tags by executing the J-U-3 Program  
                    Logical Value  = NO will not prompt to create WIP Tags via J-U-3 Program  
                    
                    When Logical Value = YES,  the program will provide POPUP / Selection Window showing all WIP Tags
                     from J-F-5 for the RM Item code and JOB# on the M-U-2 screen with the STATUS of PRINTED.  
                    
                    Once the WIP Tags are selected via M-U-2, the STATUS field in the J-F-5 file must changed to ISSU
                    ED.    New folder on M-U-2 called BRWSE WIPTags Folder ONLY from the J-F-5 File.   
                    
                    
M-U-2-   04081004 E Allow Negative Issues for Estimate Material
                    Currently, the system does not allow negative issues for estimated material such as 200C.
                    See Attached Error.
                    I received 5500 Sheets for PO 101171 for 200 C for Job W606.
                    If 500 sheets were bad, the users should create a negative Receipt.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 121

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    This then locks up the computer.
                    However, I cannot enter a Negative 500 or 1000.
                    
                    If the user issues the entire purchase order to a job, then decides to produce 50% of the job, th
                    ey will want to return the cost from the job.
                    A negative issue would be the best option.
                    
                    Allow Negative Qty for RM Issue for Estimated Material.
                    
M-U-2-   09241404 E Add Yellow Column Sort Headings to F1 Lookup on Tag#
                    Click M-U-2
                    Tab to Job# and Press F1
                    Select Job# W11725-02
                    Tab to Item Code and Press F1
                    Click Job File.
                    Select Item 200 C-50x80
                    Tab to Tag#
                    F1 on Tag#.
                    
                    1)  On Hand Tag with Qty > Zero should appear at top of Sort.
                    
                    2)  Add Yellow Column Heading so we can sort by Column Headings.
                          For example.
                          SO user and click to sort On hand zero to 99999999 or  99999999  to zero.
                    
                    
                    
                    
M-U-2-   10021204 E N-K RMIssue  Integer Value = 1 to Prompt to Re-open job
                    N-K RMIssue  Integer Value = 0 will not Prompt to Re-open job when adding new issue for a closed 
                    job.
                    This will continue to display message, "Cannot Issue Materials to a Closed or Completed Job" 
                    Therefore, before issuing RMs to a closed job, the user must click J-C and Reopen Job.  
                    Then go back to M-U-2 and add new Issues for the Job.
                    
                    N-K RMIssue  Integer Value = 1 
                    The issues program will prompt to Re-open job if the Job Status = C.
                    This is similar prompt that already exists when adding FG Receipts for a Closed Job.
                    Please note, the program will create NEGATIVE ISSUES when a job is reopened for materials that ar
                    e set to AUTOPOST.  
                    For example, ASI Job W2297-12 shows the J-U-1 Materials Tab has the field called AutoPost set to 
                    YES for Pallets and Cases.  
                    When jobs are closed, the materials that are set to AUTOPOST will automatically create issues on 
                    the M-U-2 Screen.
                    When jobs are reopened the materials that are set to AUTOPOST will automatically create negative 
                    issues on the M-U-2 Screen.
                    
                    
                    
                    In Summary,  only need to execute the CLOSE or REOPEN procedure from J-C
M-U-2-   11301107 E Issues for Estimated Materials  (See Attached)
                    PO was Created for PO 101710
                    Sharp Shooter  ISSUES does not allow issues for estimated materials.
                    The Loadtag File and History File show the Job Number for the 200CTagTest.
                    To Test find item 200CTagTst
                    See Attached.
                    Click SS
                    Click Raw Materials.
                    Scan Tag# 01017100010000001
                    Click Tab and there is an error message.
                      "The tag exists in the BIN file and the job is displayed in the LoadTag and History File".
                      I believe the problem is the BIN file does not have the Job#
                    Only when there is a tag number! and tag number has to be on hand!
                    
                    
M-U-5-   02211106 E N-K RMTAGS  Post Raw Materials to Update WIP Tag Status to ON HAND
                    N-K-1 RMTAGS logical value = YES.
                    Post Raw Material Issues should update the STATUS = ON HAND
                    That is the only change needed.
                    
                    Business Logic Explained
                    The business logic is that posting raw materials issues currently reduces the raw materials on ha
                    nd quantity from the bin / tag.  
                    By changing the status of the WIP Tag to ON HAND we will be able to calculate total the 
                    ON HAND balance of Work in Process (WIP) tags.
M-U-5-   06181006 E N-K AUTOISSU Int Value = 1 Auto issues to automatically get posted
                    Auto issues of rm happens in one of two ways. when posting FG's or when the job closes. 
                    N-K autoissu.
                    Integer Value = 1 will create the issue under M-U-2 then simultaneuly post issues.
                    Character Value = FGPost
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 122

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    This will issue the material based on the quantity of finished goods received.
                    Character Value = JobClose,  this will automatically issue materials when the job is closed.
M-U-6-   02131205 E N-K AutoIssu Logical Value ? to Toggle for Creating Issues
                    M-U-6 & Move to Sharp Shooter - Scan Vendor Tags  - POST Button.
                    New button option called CREATE ISSUES?  on the POST Button.
                    When N-K-1 AutoIssue = Yes, this will be checked and cannot be changed.
                               When posting receipts, the issues will be created to mimic the receipt.
                    When N-K-1 AutoIssue = No, this will be unchecked and cannot be changed.
                                When posting receipts, the issues will be created to mimic the receipt.
                    When N-K-1 AutoIssue = ?, the Created Issues Toggle Box is Updateable by User.
                               User can Check to Create Issues or Uncheck to Not Create the Issue.
                    
                    N-K-1 AutoPost Logical Value = ?
                    Will give Forklift Driver Option to Create and Post Issues or to just create Receipt and to not c
                    reate the issue to the job.    
                    
                    For example, 30 pallets are waiting at the receiveing dock to receive.
                    If 10 Pallets are to be moved immediately to the plant floor, then the user can scan the 10 palle
                    t and delivery to plant, then click the POST button can checked the Toggle "CREATE ISSUE" and the
                     10 pallet tags will be recieved and issued simultaneously resulting in Zero on Hand.
                    
                    The remaininng 20 pallets can be scanned then forklift driver will click the POST button and UNCH
                    ECK the Create Issues button.  Then click OK to Post.  The net result will be 20 pallet tags will
                     be ON HAND and waiting for a future Issue.
M-U-6-   11221104 E N-K AutoIssu Logical Value = NO   Will NOT Create Issues
                    Sharp Shooter customers want to scan receipts, then scan issues as a separate transaction.
                    Currently, when posting Raw Material Receipts for Tags for estimated Board Material Sheets, the p
                    rogram also creates a Raw Material Issue to match each Receipt.
                    
                    N-K-1 AutoIssue = NO, then only the RM Receipts should be created.
                    
                    Logical Value = NO, then the the program will only create the Receipt.
                    
                    To Test find item 200CTagTst
                    Click M-U-8 for PO 101710 and this creates a Receipt.
                    Click M-U-6 to Post this transaction and this creates an Issue.
                    
                    When Logical Value = NO, this will not create an ISSUE.
                    
                    
                    
M-U-8-   07011007 E N-K RMBARDIR  Scanning RM case label add label file entry and auto pri
                    N-K RMBARDIR  
                     
                    To store the default label file name and logical field for auto print.
                    Scanning RM case label add label file entry and auto print toggle box.
                    
                    MU8 , add the label file entry field and auto print toggle box. 
                    Copy the logic behind these new fields from OU7 Loadtag creation.
                    
N- - -   10251306 E New *Wildcard Search* by User Id
                    See Attached.
                    Currently, there is no way to find all the programs by user ID.
                    The example attached, if I type the group code GL it only searches the beginning ID.
                    
                    Add logic similar to A-F-1 new wildcard search by customer.
                    
                    Click Toggle to Sort by ADD ID   
                    then in the AutoFind Box type *GL*  this should find all ids with GL
                    
                    Click Toggle to Sort by VIEW ID 
                    then in the AutoFind Box type *GL*  this should find all ids with GL
                    
                    Click Toggle to Sort by DELETE  ID  
                    then in the AutoFind Box type *GL*  this should find all ids with GL
N---U-   04101303 E Track Usage button by ASI user only
                    Change the N-U (Network-Users)
                    View User screen
                    Track Usage button - Must Log in as ASI only to modify the "Track Usage button"
                    
                    Change the track user button to only be modifiable by user id ASI.
N-F-1-0  10071312 E New Toggle Box.   Active ___  Inactive ___
                    New Toggle Boxes  at Top of Screen.
                     ____  Include Inactive Items.
                    
                    Yes / Checked will include.
                    No / Not Checked will not Include.
                    
                    If ____ Include Inactive is Checked, then program will recalculate the Inactive Items.
                    If ____ Include Inactive is Not Checked, then the program will skip the Inactive Items.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 123

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
N-F-1-0  11021203 E Recalc Inventory to Run in Batch by Date and Time ($20,000 Contract)
                    N-F-10 to Run in Batch - 
                    For Example.
                    H-L  Menu History of Sales -Last Year vs. This Year Report has a YELLOW Toggle Box.
                    This simply saves the print selectiong to the Batch File under N-R-1
                    
                    This mod is to add identical Yellow Toggle Box called ___Batch 
                    This will save Selection Parameters and save on N-R-1.
                    Then this report can be run via new Batch Procedure by Day and Time.
                    
                    
N-F-3-   07061002 E Add from tag# to Tag# to report
                    They would like to run this utility to set all FG items with a blank Tag# to zero.
                    So the from TAG# would be   Blank and the to Tag number would be blank to set ONLY those tag#'s t
                    o zero
N-F-3-   07071002 E Exclude Set parts when setting to zero
                    Add toggle box to utility to exclude set parts when setting quantity on hand to zero
N-K- -   02221102 E N-K INVPRINT=ASIXprnt
                    Add remit to address at bottom of invoice format on last line below notes section.  
                    Use all BOLD letters and underline remit to:  see attachment
                    
                    REMIT TO: PO Box 4018, Murrells Inlet, SC  29576
N-K-1-   01061002 E N-K CHKFMT = colorlas - Add Check Number to stub.
                    Customer would like to add Check # to the check see Attached
N-K-1-   01141105 E N-K CECSCRN   New Decimal Option to store and display 6 decimals
                    Character value = Decimal
                    Database expanded to 6 digits to right of decimal for dimension size fields.
                    Expand Set Button Parameters for cells and Width, Length and Depth (Height).
                    Expand Spec Folder Parameters for Width, Length and Depth, Slot Size, Slot Width.
                    Expand Panel Size Parameters to 6 digits to right of decimal.
                    Expand Layout Folder Sheet Dimensions will display up to 6 decimals.
                    Expand Estimate Browser L,W,D
                    Expand Style File Default Dimensions to 6 digits to right of decimal.
                    
                    Box Design print out on job ticket can print with 6 decimals.
                    Job Ticket changes will be quoted separately.
                    
N-K-1-   02031404 E N-K RelPost  Decimal Value = 1 to Place All BOL Lines as C for Complet
                    Decimal Value = 0  
                    This logic will continue to calculate either a C or P for Complete or Partial for each Bill of La
                    ding Line.  When BOL Line is P for Partial, a Back Order Release will be created when the invoice
                     is created via the Bill of Lading Posting Logic.
                    
                    Decimal Value =1 
                    Every line of the Bill of Lading will always be set to C for Completed.  
                    Therefore, a back order release will never be created.
                    This logic will work for ALL Customers when View Control Integer Value = 1.
N-K-1-   02131201 E N-K LASTSHIP   Character Value = Custom / Stock
                    Character Value = Stock/Custom.  
                    Will be used for customers that manufacture and distribute boxes to determine the due date, which
                     transfers to the Promise Date.  Last Ship Date will  continue to add the customers warehouse day
                    s to the order date.     For example,  if integer value = 1 and decimal value = 5 then due date f
                    or distribution items without estimate would be 1 day from the order date wheras orders to manufa
                    cture would be 5 days from the order date.   The due date can always be changed after it is calcu
                    lated.
                    
                    Integer Value = When Character Value = Stock/Custom
                    Orders without an Estimate Number will calculate the Due Date by adding the Integer Value as the 
                    number of days from the order date.     
                    
                    Decimal Value = When Character Value = Stock/Custom
                    Orders with an estimate will use the Decimal Value as the number of days to add to the order date
                     to calculate the Due Date to make and ship manufactured goods.    
                    
                    
                    
N-K-1-   02141205 E N-K InvPrint = Accord   (Copy Body of Midwest & Top Logo and Boxes Xpr
                    New Invoice Format   =  N-K InvPrint = Accord   
                    
                    1)  The TOP Section of the Invoice will be a copy of the XPRINT for the top section of the Form.
                    2)   Remove the PO# Block in the Top Section as this is part of Body in the Midwest Form.
                    3)   Replace the Printed Company Name and Address with the Accord Carton Logo.
                    4)   Copy Body of Invoice from the N-K-1 InvPrint = Midwest 
                           This is the section that prints the finished goods items and price data including PO#.
                    
                    5)  Add F1 on the N-K-1 InvPrint View From Character value.
                    
                    6)  Add F1 on the N-K-1 InvPrint View Control Character value.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 124

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    7)  O-B-1 Icon must print Invoice Form.
                    8)  O-B-3 must print Invoice Form
                    9)  POSTED invoices must also print the new form.
                    
                    
N-K-1-   02231002 E N-K BOLSIGN Attach scanned BOL#.Pdf
                    This will allow the user to scan a signed copy of the BOL and attach the file to the the posted B
                    OL to be printed/emailed at a later date if needed via O-Q-1.  
                    The scanned BOL must be saved as the file name = BOL#.pdf.
                    For example, bill of lading number 82703 would be saved as 82703.Jpg
                    
                    The location of the scanned bill of ladings is dictated by the character value of the N-K-BOLSIGN
                     file. 
                    
                    1) N-K-1 BOLSIGN Character value to show path of where the scanned BOL will be saved by the user.
                      
                    
                    2) User will scan BOL document and save the file using the posted BOL number.
                    
                    3) O-Q-1, looks up the order, clicks on the "Invoice" tab, and in the window that comes up, click
                    s on "BOL" tab.  NEW Button called  "Signed BOL".  This will view / print the Jpeg.  Scanned BOLs
                     will be saved as JPEG files with filenames "bol_number.jpg"  (for example, 82703.jpg), in the di
                    rectory that is set under N-K-1 BOLSIGN Character value.  If file "bol_number.jpg" does not exist
                    , the "SIGNED BOL button will be Disabled, and clicking the button would Prompt "Signed receipt U
                    navailable".
                    
N-K-1-   03061206 E N-K POExport = CORRTRIM  (Invoice SouthCorr)  (Old Task# 08240603)
                    N-K-1 POExport Character Value = CorrTrim or               (See Solutions for Possible Change)
                    V-F-1 Vendor File Field called PO Export = CorrTrim
                    Printing Purchase Order will create file for board material to SouthCorrr for 
                    Corrugated Technologies /Corrtrim software.
                    The existing logic currently downloads the file for the entire board cost as per MSF cost includi
                    ng adder charges and setup charges.  
                    
                    Character Value = WELSH
                    FTP Access Information to send the Orders for Southcorr from Welsh:
                    ftp.corrchain.com
                    User: ctiasiwelsh
                    PW: a1w2!2oiz
                    Folder \asi\southcorr\
                    
                    Existing logic for Fibre to send data to LACorr. 
                    They use our tool to convert to XML and send it then via HTTP Post to our CorrChain Server.
                    
                    N-K-1 CorrTrim  Corrugated Technologies Purchase Order Interfact to CTI Software.
                    The Description Field will name the disk drive location on the Advanced Software cusotmers (sheet
                     plant) server that will house the purchase order data that will be file transferred to the corru
                    gator plant, who is the board vendor.
                    Character Value
                    This will be the name of the Advanced Software Box plant which will dictate the
                    security code, customer naming and FTP access.
                    
                    CTI Contact:  Niles Franke.  Email NF@Cortech.com     Cell Phone 858-366-4408
                    CTI Phone: 858-427-5219 
                    
                    Andre Savoy - SouthCorr     andres@southcorr.com     Work 336-498-1700
                    336-495-2952(Direct)   336-633-8226(Cell)
                    
                    
                    Vickie of Welsh Container
N-K-1-   03071101 E N-K-1 Paramters Paper Clip for Help
                    We need a PAPER CLIP ICON to attach to any N-K-1 Parameter.
                    Customers should be able to see a screen shot that may apply to this parameter.
                    The Customer File has a Paper Clip Icon that you can copy.
                    However the N-K-1 paperclip will allow attachment to a spefici N-K-1 Parameter.
                    
                    To TEST after mod is done.
                    Attach the ATTACHMENT on Task# 04081003  to parameter  N-K-1 OEReleasePOP.
                    It's easy to show a screen shot then try to explain what the parameter does.
N-K-1-   03091105 E N-K POExport = PRATT  & N-K-1 Pratt    (Invoice Mod to Pratt Industrie
                    N-K-1 POEXPORT = Pratt     (Copy N-K-1 POExport = HRMS and make any changes per Attachment)    Th
                    ey use HRMS software so the exiting HRMS format should be close.
                    Also see Solution for Login and Security
                    V-F-1 Vendor File Field called POExport = PRATT will allow Pratt as a Valid Board Supplier.
                    HRMS logic was originally done for RFC
                    
                    Pratt is Corrugator using HRMS software that supplies sheets to Michcor using ASI Software.
                    New N-K-1 PRATT parameter with Character Value = Michcor to house FTP & IP Data.
                    Michcor will transfer the purchase order data directly to the Pratts HRMS system in the HRMS spec
                    ified format attached, but must be modified per Pratt Instructions.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 125

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Current HRMS format requires ASI customer to run cross Reference utility called N-R-util/w-hrms-x
                    .r to create Cross Reference Files (x-ref file).
                    Pratt Interface will use their own Cross Reference Files
                    
                    PRATT authentication information you requested for sending MSPO files for Michcor.
                    Server ftp.lovebox.com
                    User   mc8mtb0xhf
                    Password dlkxd992
                    Inbox  /aspire/mc8mtb0xhf/InBox
                    
                    Pratt Contact : Thomas Bloom  316-832-3511  Email Address:  TBloom@PrattIndustries.com
                    Kinetix Inc Contact:  Mark Christensen  616-881-6997
                    Email:  MChristensen@KinetixInc.com
                    
                    
                    
N-K-1-   03091203 E N-K InvPrint = Accord   See Attached
                    N-K InvPrint = Accord   
                    
                    1) Remove column P/C
                    2) Add New Column FG Item# / CustPart# before the Description  (Similar to Xprint)
                        Print Finished Goods Item on 1st line under this column
                        Print Customer Part# as 2nd line under this column.
                    3)  If you need space move the reduce the size of the PRiCE column.
                    
                    4)  If an item has Ship Quantity greater than ZERO and an Invoice quantity = 0.
                         Print the previous Invoice Number  
                        (Copy this logic from XPRINT for SHIP Only Invoice Releases)
                    
                    3/14 (Pat) - Previous Invoice # is not printing when it is a Ship Only Invoice (Inv#6410) or when
                     you update the items Invoice Quantity to "O" in OB1 (Inv#6409).
                    
                    Per Joe, this should be a billable mod.
N-K-1-   03311103 E N-K Quoprint = Protagon   (Copy FibreX to Create New Quote)
                    Copy FibreX Quote Form
                    1)  Add Protagon Logo.
                    2)  Change Item/Descriptoin Column to Specifications  
                    3)  Notes and new words including 5%  over/under. 
                    4)  UOM to print from the Quotes QUANTITY Folder
N-K-1-   03311407 E N-K CORRCHOICE = PkgSpec   (Invoice to CorrChoice - PO# 19281
                    Same interface as Tasks 05031108 & 10061106  for Premier Pkg
                    Similar Task for NStock Task# 10071311
                    Similar Task for McElroy Task# Task# 10211306
                    CorrChoice Link is Used for GREIF - See PO Attached.
                    
                    N-K-1 PoExport Integer Value = 1 Turns on the File Transfer.
                    N-K-1 POExport Character Field = CorrChoice or 
                    N-K-1 POExport Character Field  = Vendor and V-F-1 POexport Field = CorrChoice
                    
                    N-K-1 CorrChoice Character Value = PkgSpec 
                          Description Field will house the Folder to Store Text files. 
                                For Example,  Z:\rcode\CorrChoice  
                                Customer will create folder on Z:\Rcode\CorrChoice\DataXfer\In
                               (This defines Login and Password Information)
                          Character value dictates the FTP login and password information.
                                Login:               packaginorse 
                                Password:        H1j0v1HLMa 
                    Please send the order files to the FTP server CorrChoiceB2b.Greif.com and place the files in the 
                    mpm directory.  Please note that the OS is case sensitive and mpm is all lower case.
                    
                    
                    See Solution for Support.
                    
                    
                    
                    
N-K-1-   04181102 E N-K AddPrep   Creating New Plate or Die Missing Description Fields
                    Logical value is YES,
                    Estimate SPEC Folder.  When a Die# or Plate# is added to the estimates SPEC folder the program se
                    arches the E-B-8 Prep File for a matching prep code.   If the new numbers do not exist in the pre
                    p file, then the system will prompt the following message.  "Die# or Plate# does not exist"  Upda
                    te Prep File?    YES will then create the record in the prep file.  This works perfectly.
                    
                    However, the description for Plate and the Company Name do not default to the new Prep Material. 
                     See Attached.
                    
N-K-1-   04221405 E N-K FGINVREC  FG Receipt for PO to Prompt for Freight Cost
                    N-K-1 FGINVREC date is YES
                    Customer Orders for FG items that are FARM OUTS / Purchased.
                    If the PO to the Vendor is a DROP SHIPMENT type.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 126

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    When posting FG receipts will create O-B-1 Invoice for the PO Receipt.
                    Character Value = ALLITEMS will create a single invoice for all items for the order together on o
                    ne invoice.   
                    
                    When Adding Receipt for Farm Out Drop Shipment PO.
                    Program Popup Prompts,  (Which must be Saved in the TEMP File)
                     CREATE INVOICE FOR DROP SHIPPED PURCHASE ORDER? 
                    Answer YES.  New Window will appear.
                    INVOICE Freight?      ____   Yes/No Check Box
                    Billable Freight         $_____________   
                    Email Bill of Lading    ____   Yes/No Check Box
                    
                    Yes for Freight will Require Freight Dollars.  Save / Sumbit Button
                    When FG is posted, this will transfer the Dollar Amount to the BOL Total and to the Invoice.
                    Both BOL and Invoice Freight Payment Method will be set to B for Billable Freight.
                    
                    Program will auto generate Email based on the ECODES set up for this Customer.
                    Same Email logic as Advanced Ship Notice.
N-K-1-   04231401 E Add WildCard Search on NK1 Parameters
                    See Attached.
                    Click in either Radio Button.
                    Then Type *Auto*
                    
                    This should find all NK1 parameters with the word Auto.
N-K-1-   05031108 E N-K POExport = CorrChoice   (See task# 11160903 )
                    Estimated at $600 but quoted at  $150 per hour.
                    Modify Existing CorrChoice.
                    N-K-1 CorrChoice   Char Value = PremierPkg  houses the Login and Password Info.
                    Please note, the V-F-1 Vendor File Field POExport = CorrChoice must be added
                    
                    This task is to eliminate the need for the Cross Reference File.
                    Corr Choice will mantain this cross reference file so the Premier does not have to create it.
                    We must talk to CorrChoice vendor.   This interface was written in 2009 but never worked.
                    They want to Premier to download Board Purchase Orders using the newest format so HRMS cross refe
                    rence is not needed.    
                    
                    For your information, the HRMS utility down loads the HRMS code for Premiers Raw Material Board C
                    ode and the Flute and Test for the board material.     This format will not require the N-R-Util/
                    HRMSX.r  utiltity, which creates a cross reference file between the Raw Goods Item Code and the C
                    orr Choice name for this Item code.   For example,  Premier Pkg may call an item  200C which is C
                     Flute, 200 Test.    However, Corr Choice may call this item number 200.
                    
                    Also, see solutions.
                    
                    
                    
N-K-1-   05041104 E N-K POExport = GP  (Character Value = StClair)
                    N-K-1 POExport =  GP Exists.     New Character Value = St.Clair,   
                    N-K-1 POEXPORT int value should be 0.  
                    Print PO to GP and Click Export to GP Corrugator.
                    The file goes to GP Atlanta office then is routed to their plants.
                    Sample file under K:\GuiManual\Purchasing\GP....
                    
                    Character value dictates the plant and IP address and company code.
                    The contact from vendor file moves to PO View Folder and is transferred with PO.
                    Output PO file for board material to Georgia Pacific XML file.
                    Sample file under K:\GuiManual\Purchasing\GP....
                    As usual, the ftp location is ftp.kleinschmidt.com and the files can be dropped off in either the
                     prod or test folder. It does not matter which one you drop them in. If you log in directly to th
                    e FTP location you will not see either folder but they exist. Login and Password to use are below
                    ?
                    Login =  stclairpkg        Password = stclpftp8
                    
                    Jon Flowers,  Georgia Pacific
                    Packaging IT  Phone: 404.652.7315
                    mailto:jeflower@gapac.com
                    St Clair Packaging in Marysville, MI be configured to send orders electronically to our GP's Prem
                    ier facility in Albion MI. The contact for that location is Nikki at (810) 364-4230 Ext. 104.  
N-K-1-   05231206 E N-K OEScreen   Temp Order Qty Field to Become Permanent Field
                    N-K-1 OEScreen View Form will house logic by Customer.   Copy exisitng logic from View Control wh
                    ich is for all customers and make this customer specific.
                    
                    Currently, the logical Value = YES logic will display a Temporary Order Qty UOM Field for Non Est
                    imated Items.    Add two new fields to Order Entry called Customer Qty and Customer UOM.
                    1)  Currently, customer service will type in customer qty and UOM.     
                          For example, customer service rep types 20 Cases with UOM = CS.
                          Both Fields will move to the new fields.
                          The system already converts the 20 cases into  the stocking quantity.
                    If I enter Qty 20  UOM = CS program will convert to
                    Qty  240  UOM EA and new fields shows Qty = 20  UOM = CS.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 127

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    2)  The new fields will shows 20 and UOM = CS
                          Likewise , they may buy 2 pallets (PLT) at 120 per Pallet. 
                          System will convert to 240 EA and update new fields to be Ordered = 2   UOM = PLT
                         Copy logic for CS to new unit of Measure called PLT.
                    
                    3)  Add new unit of Measure = PLT to N-Z-8 for Order Qty UOM only.
                    
                    Please note, this mod does note include changing the selling price Unit of Measure.
                    Only the new database field will use this new unit of measure.
N-K-1-   06101404 E N-K SSPostVenTag  Logical Value = ?
                    Logical Value = ?  
                    After Scanning the Vendors Bar Code, the program will import all the data and effectively click t
                    he RECIEVE TAGS button.   This is simlar to the Logican Value = YES option.
                    However, ? will not POST the transaction.  The ? Option will pause for the user to Scan the Wareh
                    ouse/Bin Location.  After scanning, then the program will save the line.
                    Then immediately prompt for the next Vendor Bar Code. In summary,  the forklift driver will scan 
                    the Vendors Bar Code, then Scan the Warehouse/Bin. 
N-K-1-   06131208 E N-K GP  (Invoice to Georgia Pacific once PO is Received)
                    The following must be set to export data.
                    Purchase Orders from N-Stock will be exported electronically via FTP to Trey Corrugated using the
                     Georgia Pacific's XML file interface.
                    
                    CHARACTER VALUE = NStock
                    GP plant name is Trey Corrugated in West Chester OH.   
                    The customer # for N-Stock is 16579
                    Login              	Password
                    nstockbox       	nstockftp4
                    
                    GEORGIA PACIFIC Purchasing Export Method to Export Purchase Orders to Corrugator 
                    Via Explorer Client must Setup Folder:  N:\Rcode\GP\Export\DataXfer\In   
                    
                    Questions,  
                    Jon Flowers, Georgia Pacific, Packaging IT
                    Phone: 404.652.7315  mailto:jeflower@gapac.com
                    Chris Takacs Georgia-Pacific, Packaging IT 404-652-6874 
                    
                    Please note.
                    Same interface as TriLakes character value.
N-K-1-   09011103 E N-K JobcardC = MultiCellGA   (Copy United)
                    N-K-1 JobCardC = MulticellGA.   Copy United Job Card and Make Changes per Attached.
                    Total of Slots in Long = Qty per Set of Short.   Total of Slots in Short = Qty per Set of Long.
                    A)  Attachments shows ASI folder of Adders & Die
                    B)  Attachment shows ASI folder of Long and Short Partition Dimensions.
                    C)  United Job Card is Attached without Changes as a reference.
                    D)  New Multiple Job Card is Attached labeled as United JobCard with Changes
                    E)   Sample Picture of Assembled Partition is attached.
                     
                    1)  Long and Short Dimensions will print from SET Button in dimensions displayed.
                          New section for Long and Short will replace existing section.
                          Long Partition is always Blank1.    Short Partition is always Blank2.
                          Set Button and SPEC folder show all diemensions. 
                    2)  Department Notes will print on bottom middle block.     
                          Remove all lines currently in the section.   
                          Print Job Card screen has toggle box to list Departments that will print in this section.
                    3)  Number of Slots are listed in the Style File.
                    4)  Long Qty = Order Quantity multipled by Overrun % multiplied by Qty/Set on Est Folder. 
                    5)  Short Qty = Order Quantity multipled by Overrun % multiplied by Qty/Set on Est Folder
                    6)  Set Qty Min and Max.   This is Order times Underrun % and Job Qty times Overrun %.
                    For example,  Order 203180 for Estimate 8786 has a P9 Long 12x6 and P7 Short 9x6.
                    Order qty = 1000 with 10% under = 900 and 10% over = 1100.
                    Style P9 Long Quantity = 1100 x 7 =  7,700.     Style P7 Short Quantity = 1100 x 9 =  9,900
N-K-1-   09041202 E N-K SETPRINT.  Logical Value to Default Assembled / Unassembled.
                    SET Button
                    
                    1)   Change Label called Unitize?   to                 Unitize?  (Ship all Parts on Same Pallet)
                    
                    2)  Existing Logic for  N-K-1 SETPRINT     Logical Value = YES, 
                          SET Button will default to UNASSEMBLED sets as the default.   
                    Change Logic 
                          When this is the default, the Unitize should default to Unchecked. 
                    
                    3)  Existing Logic if Logical Value = YES, then  If default is Assembled.
                           This should default Unitize to CHECKED.  
                           If User clicks SET button.  
                           Then clicks Unassembled, 
                    then the program should set the Unitize Button to Unchecked.
                    
                    4)   User can still click Unitize regardless of Assembled or Unassembled.
N-K-1-   09091303 E N-K ADDRELSE = Bin/Tag   Add Column called Qty Released to POPUP
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 128

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    N-K-1 AddRelse  character Value = Bin/Tags.
                    O-U-1 Items Tab, Release Button or O-U-1 Release Tab, Release Button.
                    System prompts to display tags.
                    The system then shows all tags based on Button Selected.  
                    ALL JOBS,   THIS JOB ONLY,  NO TAGS,  or FIFO
                    See Attached.
                    
                    ON Next Popup,  Add new Column called Qty Released.
                    This would show the quantity for this Tag assigned to an order under O-T-1.
                    Similar logic to Assigned to BOL.
                    
                    1)  New Column must be moved to location on Attachment.
                          
                    2)   See Order for Item HEW6x6x6  Order 206876
                          O-T-1 Shows Tags 1 Release Qty of 500 and Tag 2 Release Qty of 500.
                          RELEASE tab shows 1 Actual Release with Actual Qty of 1000.
                          However.
                          New Column is addig the new Scheduled Qty to Tag 2.
                          If I change Release Qty, then Qty on RELEASED column changes.
                    ONLY O-T-1 release Qty should be on the new Column.
N-K-1-   09140713 E N-K OEPrepPO logical value YES to create PO's / Update Schedule Board
                    N-K OEAutoPrep Prompts to Create PO from Order Entry.(Works with Task 09050704)
                    System will creation purchase order for prep material based on new N-Z-3 material types below:
                    7 = Printing Plates, which are Prep Code "P".
                    8 = Cutting Dies, which are Prep Code "D".
                    X = Flat Die, which are Prep Code "F".
                    Y = Rule or Rotary Die, which are Prep Code "R". 
                    
                    Logical Value = YES will prompt to add purchase order for prep material such as plates or dies.  
                    
                    
                    Logical Value = NO will not prompt to create purchase order for prep material. 
                    
                    Please Note, a series of modification tasks were required to integrate Prep.
                    New prep material types 7,8,X,Y will replace "M"isc materials for inventory control and purchases
                     validations. Raw goods receipts for these material types will automatically update the schedule 
                    board based on the new material types. The users will be able to color code jobs waiting for plat
                    es or dies. Best of all, the system will update the board when the plates and dies are in receive
                    d.
                    Job standards creation will transfer all Misc & Prep material to the job file's material folder. 
                     When the order line has a status of NEW, then purchase orders will be created for all Plate and 
                    Die Prep codes on the estimate in the job file regardless of SIMON code.  The AutoPrep will creat
                    e PO for all prep material regardless of SIMON codes.  In summary, modification will 
                    Automatically prompt to create Purchase Order, 
                    Automatically update cost from Purchase Order back to the MISC folder of Order.
                    Automatically updates the Schedule Board when Dies or Plates are Received 
                    Automatically updates the Schedule Board when Dies or Plates are on Hand.
                    Automatically create Raw Material Item Codes to Match the Plate or Die Number.
                    Automatically cross reference Plates and Dies to a Raw Material Item Code.
                    Automatically update the Job -Material Folder.
                    
                    
N-K-1-   09161301 E N-K QUOPRINT = Frankstn     New Format Changes
                    Frankston Quote Form Changes.
                    See Attached.
                    
                    Move Columns of Character Fields to Left Justiffy.
                    Move Columns that are Digits such as Quantity and Price to Be Right Justified.
N-K-1-   10031102 E N-K JobcardC = MultiCellGA.  N-K CECSCRN = Decimal
                    The decimals have to print complete.  
                    Decimal will have 6 decimal places.
                    ASI Example Order # 203555 for Estimate 8995.
                    The inside cells are 3.15625 and outside cells are 3.03125
                    The Blank Width and Length are 12.375 but print as 12.38 which is wrong.
                    Do not Round Up.
                    The dimensions print 3 ,  3  , 3.16  and 3.03  which are all wrong.
                    It should print exactly as the SPEC folder.
                    Also See Attachment for their Example.
                    
N-K-1-   10061106 E N-K POExport = CorrChoice   (See task# 05031108 )  Bill CorrChoice
                    N-K-1 CorrChoice   Char Value = PremierPkg  houses the Login and Password Info.
                    Please note, the V-F-1 Vendor File Field POExport = CorrChoice
                    Export is now working, but problems with interface.
                    See Email attachment.
                    
                    
                    
                    
N-K-1-   10081207 E N-K OEScreen   Character Value = Qty-Item or Item-Qty  ($20,000 Contra
                    N-K-1 OEScreen  - 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 129

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    New logic when the Estimate Number is Blank, which is mostly used for packaging supplies.
                    
                    Character Value = Blank Spaces or Qty-Item will be the existing logic for the cursor movement.
                    The cursor moves to quantity, then to UOM, then to the finished goods item code.
                    
                    Character Value = Item-Qty.   
                    Cursor will move from Estimate
                    To FG Item
                    To Quantity
                    To Order Qty UOM
                    To Sell Price 
                    TO Sell Price UOM
                    Then normal Cursor Movement.
N-K-1-   10211306 E N-K POExport = CORRCHOICE   Char Value = McElroy  (Invoice to Ohio Pac
                    N-K-1 POExport = CorrChoice    Character Value = McElroy
                    V-F-1 Vendor code for CorrChoice will have POExport Field set to CorrChoice
                    N-K-1 CorrChoice Description Field = Houses the Folder to Store Text files. 
                                For Example,  Z:\rcode\CorrChoice  
                                Customer will create folder on Z:\Rcode\CorrChoice\DataXfer\In
                    
                    Character Value = McElroy  (This defines Login and Password Information)
                    Character value dictates the FTP login and password information.
                    Please FTP the file(s) to ?????????    CorrChoiceb2b.greif.com 
                    ftp:\\corrchoiceb2b.greif.com
                    OPC folder
                    Username: mcelroyperoh 
                    Password: AE2bHYoKQh
                    
                    Place the files in the CCI folder.   This would be the same type of configuration as Premier wher
                    e they don't use the translation files. 
                    
                    Ohio Packaging Division of Greif/CorrChoice is Board Vendor to McElroy Packaging of Wooster, Ohio
                    . McElroy.
                    The will use identical  POExport EDI Link as their sister plant, MultiCorr of Louisville KY to Pr
                    emier Packaging. 
                    Doug Rohr, Ohio Packaging Information Technology Support
                    Phone 330.833.2884   Cell 330.316.7338l
                    
N-K-1-   11151307 E N-K INVPRINT = FRANKSTN
                    Spec Note = FSC will be added to the N-Z-6 File
                    Spec Notes are Added to FG Items via the Book Icon.
                    When this Note Exists for an FG Item, this note for this Spec Code will print as the last line un
                    der the Item Desciption Column.
                    If this note is not defined the program will not print a blank line.
                    
                    Test with ASI Item ATT-2297
                    The Notes show FSC Certification Number IP98979
                    This will print under the Item Description Field
                    
                    
                    This must print both Unposed Invoices via O-B-3 and Posted Invioces.
N-K-1-   11161006 E Automatic Partition Layout Calculation
                    See Attachements for estimate 8320, which is an assembled partition.
                    DEFAULT GRAIN will be S = SHEET FED.
                    
                    Currently COMBINATION logic does not calculate the LAYOUT page.
                    Partition styles should automatically calculate the LAYOUT page.
                    The GOTO Button number up times the Blanks Width and Depth will be used.
                    
                    This example the SET size / 3D image is 12 x 9 x 5.
                    The length partition is 12 inches long by 5 inches high.
                    The width partition is 9 inches long by 5 inches high.
                    The GOTO shows 5x2 and 5 x 3.
                    
                    The Die Width of the Length Partition  MUST match the DIE Width of the Width Partition.
                    i.e  Blank1 Die Width must = Blank2 Die Width.
                    Therefore  Sheet Width Number Up times Blank Width = NET SHEET Width.
                    ie.  5 x 5 = 25.
                    
                    The DIE Length is both blanks Lengths times number up on Length.
                    Therefore  12 x 2 + 9 x 3 = 51.
                    
N-K-1-   11161204 E N-K POExport = CORRCHOICE   (Invoice to Corr Choice / Combined Corruga
                    This is same interface as Tasks 05031108 & 10061106  for Premier Pkg
                    N-K POExport  = CorrChoice which will copy existing HRMS logic.
                    N-K-1 POExport = CorrChoice
                    V-F-1 Vendor code for CorrChoice will have POExport Field set to CorrChoice
                    N-K-1 CorrChoice 
                                Description Field will house the Folder to Store Text files. 
                                For Example,  Z:\rcode\CorrChoice  
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 130

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                Customer will create folder on Z:\Rcode\CorrChoice\DataXfer\In
                    
                    Character Value = NStock  (This defines Login and Password Information)
                    Character value dictates the FTP login and password information.
                    
                    Please FTP the file(s) to CorrChoiceb2b.greif.com 
                    login:                 nstockbownoh 
                    password:         uBv56G1iqR
                    
                    Place the files in the CCI folder. 
                    This would be the same type of configuration as Premier where they don't use the translation file
                    s. 
                    
N-K-1-   11221008 E N-K ECBrowse     Corrugated Estimate Folder Width = Height
                    N-K ECBrowse     Corrugated Estimate Folder Width = Height
                    
                    Character Value =  Partitions The Estimate Folder Width Label will be changed to Height.
                    Estimate Folder Browser change Depth to SLOT.   This will be the Slot Length.
                    Move Qty / Set to left to right of Form / Blank
                    
                    When Style Type = P or R change / hide fields
                    
                    Change following labels when Style Type = P or R.
                    
                    Spec Folder Blank Width = Height.
                    Spec Folder Box Width = Height
                    Spec Folder Box Depth = Slot.
                    Spec Folder Joint Tab = Slot Width
                    Spec Folder Hide the following fields
                    Tuck, Bottom Flap, Top Flap, Score Width, Score Length,  (See Attached)
N-K-1-   11221101 E N-K FGEMAIL   Email Customer Service for Out of Stock Inventory
                    N-K-1 FGEMAIL.  FG Receipts via Purchase Orders  will automatically Email Customer Service for Ou
                    t of Stock Items that have been received.   Please note, The character option will be for manufac
                    tured goods, whereas the Integer Value will be for Purchased Goods.
                    
                    Integer Value = 0  Will not validate on hand value for receipts for purchase orders.
                    Integer Value = 1  Will check Finished Goods Receipts for Purchase Orders.
                    
                    Check Finished Quantity On Hand = Zero.   
                    And Quantity Allocated in I-F-1 is greater than Zero.
                    Then search Open Orders for this FG Item.  (Allocated Button in I-F-1) 
                    Email each UserID on each Open Order.
                     
                    This logic will be for I-U-1 receipts for finished goods with a purchase order number.
                    When posting finished goods (I-U-5) this will create email similar to existing logic.
                    Prior to posting, program must define list of items with On Hand = Zero.  
                    The program will then  search the USER ID for all OPEN orders for this finished goods item.   Onc
                    e the list of user IDs by Order is compiled, the progam will then automatically email the user Id
                     (CSR) on each Order.  The Email message line will show the  Purchase Order#, Customer Order#, FG
                     Item# and quantity Received to Inventory.  The message will read,  Finished Goods Receipts have 
                    been Posted.
                    
                    Please Note,  Similar Logic is on Task# 01210505  N-K SSBOL Creation: Scanned Tags  added to Rele
                    ase  with EMAIL   This task looks at the order user ID to create SEND to email.
                    To TEST
                    1)  Add FG receipt for FG Item 8x8x8
                    Set item on-hand to zero.  
                    1.	I-F-1 > Find Item 8x8x8
                    2.	History Tab > zero out items in browser.
                    3.	Inventory Tab > Recalc Qtys (check first box)
                    
                    Add FG receipt for FG Item   8x8x8 
                    1.	I-U-1  > Add item with # units
                    2.	I-U-5  (Post finished Goods)
                    
                    
N-K-1-   12081112 E N-K SETPRINT.  Logical Value Default
                    See Attached Screen.
                    N-K-1 SETPRINT.  Logical value
                    Logical Value = YES, the set is set to UNASSEMBLED sets as the default. 
                    Logical Value = NO, then the finished good set item number will be defined as ASSEMBLED. 
                    Logical Value = ?  will create set estimates as assembled with Parts.  
                    
                    1)  This logic works for E-C SET Button.
                          This is not working for the E-C  Assembled Partition Button.
                           Multicell will set the N-K-1 SetPrint to ? so the toggle box should default to 
                           Assembled with Parts.
                    
                    2)  Default the Product Category on the ASSSEMBLE PARTITION button
                          to the last estimates Product Category.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 131

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    3)  When I type the Cell Sizes in the First set to fields,
                          The program transfers this to the 2nd set.
                           Remove this logic.   99% of time this is wrong.
                           They want to type all the dimensions manually.
N-K-1-   12131106 E N-K POExport = CORRCHOICE ($150 per Hour)
                    Add Form Number to the Export Program.
                    See Attached.
N-K-1-   12170903 E N-K BarDir   F1 Lookup on View Control and View Form
                    The I-F-1 Finished good item folder called TOTALS/CP#  has an option for adding a label to the lo
                    adtag.   This has an F1 lookup to the windows folders.
                    Copy this lookup the the N-K-1 BarDir  View Control Character Value.
                    Copy this lookup the the N-K-1 BarDir  View Form Character Value.
N-K-1-   12191104 E N-K SETPRINT = McLean  New Sell Price = F
                    See Attached Screen for Estimate 9267 for 25000 Assembled Partitions
                    N-K-1 SETPRINT.   Character Value = McClean
                    This must be caculated when pressing the ESTIMATE folder Calculate Button.
                    This must also calculate when changing the Sell Price/M
                    This must also calcualte when changing the Gross Margin %
                    This must also calcualte when changing the Net Margin%.
                    New Estimate control File Sell Price Calculate = F.  
                    This equals Factory Cost Plus markup + Freight.
                    This will be the same calculation as G plus cost of Freight.
                    New Temp database field to store the total freight cost and quantity for each Form.
                    
                    Currently, the Sell Price Calculation program looks for markup% in customer file.
                    If blank, then the Profit % in the estimate control file is used.
                    The new F calculation will be as follows:
                    Sell Price =  Existing Calculation = Existing G Logic plus Factory Cost/M.
                    Sell Price =  Factory Cost per M / (1-(Profit% / 100)  +  Total Freight Cost / Est Qty.
                    Please note, the Cost of Freight is the sum of freight for each form.
                    Form 1 for Long Partition = $87.46/M x (50,000 / 1000)  = $4373 
                    Form 2 for Short Partition = $74.21/M x (70,000 / 1000)  = $5565.75
                    Total Freight = $9938.75
                    Set Freight / M   = $9938.75 / (25000/1000)  = $397.55
                    Thus New Sell Price Method = F
                    Factory Cost = $166.41 / .20 + $397.55 = $1229.6
N-K-1-   12221003 E N-K CustXfer   Intercompany Processing Customer Data
                    N-K-1 CustXfer  
                    ESP: util\copycust.w has code to do it.  Not sure would want to copy warehouse/location info...
                    Logical Value = NO will be existing logic and not xfer data between companies.
                    Logical Value will automatically xfer data between companies.
                    Character Value will list the companies such as 001,002.
                    Each company will be separated by a comma.
                    F1 on the character value will only allow companies from the G-F-1 Company File.  
                    The company codes on character value will have synchonized customer data.
                    All files and fields will be transfered such as Bill to, Sold to and Ship To data will be transfe
                    rred. 
                    
                    New Logic:  Save Button for Add / Change/Delete will update other company CUSTOMER file for the s
                    ame Customer code.  Save button via Add Button copy the data from to all other companies on the c
                    haracter value.    Update button will transfer all the data to the other company.  For example, i
                    f I login as ASI to company 001 and add a new Customer called SEWA, the customer  will be copied 
                    to the other companies listed on the character value.
                    If I delete a customer, that same customer code will be deleted from all companies.
                    If I update SEWA, then all new the data will transfer to the other companies.
                    
                    Please note, no data on the TOTALS folder will not be updated customer balances for each plant ma
                    y be different depending on the order and A/R invoice values at each plant.
                    
N-K-1-   12221004 E N-K VendXfer Intercompany Processing Vendor Data
                    N-K-1 VendtXfer  This logic is for intercompany transfer of vendors and vendors data within a com
                    mon database connected via a single network.
                    Logical Value = NO will be existing logic and not transfer data between companies.
                    Logical Value = YES will automatically transfer data between companies.
                    
                    Character Value will list the companies such as 001,002.
                    Each company will be separated by a comma.
                    F1 on the character value will only allow companies from the G-F-1 Company File.  
                    The company codes on character value will have synchonized customer data.
                    All files and fields will be transfered such as Vendor Code, Remit To, Terms, etc. will be transf
                    erred.  
                    
                    New Logic:  Save Button for Add / Change/Delete will update other company Vendor file for the sam
                    e vendor code.  Add mode will copy the data from existing company to all other companies on the c
                    haracter value.    Update button will transfer all the data to the other company.  For example, i
                    f I login as ASI to company 001 and add a new vendor called SEWA, the vendor will be added to the
                     other companies listed on the character value.
                    If I delete a vendor, that same vendor code will be deleted from all companies.
                    If I update SEWA, then all new the data will transfer to the other companies.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 132

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    Please note, no data on the TOTALS folder will not be transferred as the vendor balance for each 
                    plant may be different depending on the purchase order and A/P invoice values at each plant.
N-K-1-   12271301 E Yellow Column Headings to Sort Ascending / Descending
                    See Attached.
                    Click N-K-1
                    Click View Form.
                    Add Yellow Columns Heading to Sort on Fields similar to BROWSE Tab.
N-Q-8-   02011113 E util/updapinv.r
                    Add message to screen.
                    "Updating invoice amounts will not update the general ledger."
                    See attachment
N-R- -   01161408 E Util/UpdBinPO.r
                    Utility will transfer the 
                    FG Receipt Vendor PO# on the History File to the Bins Table.
                    For each Finished Goods Receipt in History, transfer the Vendor PO# to the Tag#/Bin file.
                    The utility should start updating from 01/01/1990  to Today.
                    This will insure that the most recent PO# is transferred to the file.
                    
                    Please note, the program should not create multiple bins for each unique vendor PO#.
                    For example, if I buy Bubble 1.25"  and receive this the Main warehouse and Floor Bin location.
                    If I have 4 purchase orders during the year for this item, the last Vendor PO# will be the only V
                    endor PO# displayed in the Bin file.
N-R- -   02111103 E Default Program to Util/Utils.r
                    Default Program to Util/Utils.r
                    See Attached.
N-R- -   02281305 E Util/PurgeMU2.r
                    Purge MU2 Issue transactions by Date Range that have not been Posted.
                    This will remove unwanted old transactions rather than delete each one manually.
N-R- -   04021309 E Util/SetRelShp.r   Change Utility to Update Actual Qty Database Field
                    Util/SetRelShp.r   Change Utility to Update Actual Qty Database Field
                    
                    This uitlity exists.
                    Modify utility to update Actual Quantity Database Field.
                    Please note, the total BOL Lines Shipped or Actual Release Lines for the FG Item for that specifi
                    c Release will transfer to the Actual Released Qty on O-U-1 Release Tab.
                    ie.  All Tag Numbers quantity must transfer.
                    
                    If a Bill of Lading Exists either Posted or Unposted,
                    the Total Quantity for the Finished Goods Items for the RELEASE# on the Bill of Lading should be 
                    transferred to the O-U-1 Release Tabs Actual Quantity Tab.
                    
                    If Bill of Lading does not exist.
                    If Actual Release is under O-T-1, then the Quantity from OT1 will transfer to the Actual Quantity
                     field of the O-U-1 Release Tab for that Item for that Release.
                    
                    In summary, BOL Quantity is the Priority.
                    Then O-T-1 Quantity.
                    If neither exists, Actual Qty should be ZERO.
                    
N-R- -   04151304 E Util/fgzroprc.r
                    Set FG Item Sell Price to Zero for range of items/customers
N-R- -   05271408 E Util/FindReplaceFilePath.r - New Utility to Update the Disk Drive Lett
                    Util/FindReplaceFilePath.r - New Utility to Update the Disk Drive Letter
                    The customer stores attachments on the PAPER CLIP Icon throughout the system.
                    They have a new server and new disk drive letter.
                    They need the beginnning character replaced, which is the disk drive changed.
                    
                    This utility will allow the user to find and replace the old drive letter (or any folder) with a 
                    new drive letter.    There will be a "Find File Path:" and a "Replace File Path with:"
                    To change the drives across all attachments, user would simply enter "P:\" in the Find field and 
                    "Q:\" in the Replace field.
                    
                    Additionally, there should be a check box that says "Include Box Designs" that will include these
                     special database tables in the find/replace search.
                    
                    Please Note:
                    This utility does not search on the beginning characters.
                    This will find and replace any string of characters that match.
                    So if you Replace N with Z.  This will replace all letters including folders and file names.
                    If you want to replace the N Drive they must type N:   with Z:
N-R- -   05291403 E Util/UpdBnPOR.r   Copy Util/UpdBinPO.r   for Raw Materials
                    New RM receipts copy the Vendor PO# to the RM BIns Table and display on the Bins Tab.
                    Old transactions shows the Vendor PO# on the History Tab but not the Bins Tab.
                    
                    We wrote a Utilty for Finished Goods.
                    We need the same Utitlty for Raw Goods.
N-R- -   05291407 E Util/FixTransDate.r
                    See Attached.
                    This existing utility updates the date of the transaction.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 133

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    The FG History file also has a date the transaction was posted.
                    Reference the posted date and transaction date in I-L-6.
                    
                    1)  Add new Toggle Boxes on the existing utility.
                          _____ Trans Date   (This will be the existing Logic)
                    
                         _____  Posted Date   When checked, this will update the Posted Date.
                    
                    
                    Please Note,
                    The Item Number Range and Replace Date on the Utiltiy will limit what records are updated.
                    The Replace With Date  will be the New Date that is Replaced.
                    
                    
                    To Test.
                    Run I-L-6 for FG item Strawberry which has a trans date of 5-26 and posted date of 5-28. 
N-R- -   06101405 E Util/UpdateShiptoZones.r
                    See attachment for excel file
                    Utility will look similar to Util/UpdCust.r  which updates customer Fields.
                    This new Utility will update the Customer SHIPTO File.
                    The Excel file will list the ZIP Code and the New Delivery Zone.
                    Utility will shows the following:
                    
                    Type Truck/Carrier  _______     Carrier Location  ______ 
                    The user will enter the Carrier and Location that will be updated in the Shipto File.
                    For example, they will type TRUCK and MAIN.  F1 will all lookup of Valid Carriers which will impo
                    rt both Carrier and Location.
                     
                    Excel File  ________________________
                    User will type the Disk Drive, Folder and File Name of the Excel File.  F1 will allow Lookup
                    
                    Default Zone  __________
                    In the Excel File to Import, If a Customer ShipTo  DOES NOT have a zip code, then the Default Zon
                    e will be written into the zone for that Shipto.
                    
                    The Excel files shows the ZIP Code and the Carrier to Update.
                    ONLY cusotmer ship to with the Typed Carrier and Location Typed Above will be updated from the Ex
                    cel File.   The utility will search each customer ship to code for a match on the excel zip code.
                      If a match is found, Move the Zone on the Excel File to the Customer Shipto Zone. 
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    As reference, see O-F- 3 Excel Import Button as an example.
N-R- -   07101202 E util/consolidatexfer.r     New Utiltiy to ConsolitateTransferTags
                    Task# 07101202
                    Order 204759 for FG Item IBM-4x4x12 has 5 tags with 5000 boxes each Received.
                    New Utilitity to consolidate Transfers in FG History File by Date, Time, Tag#, Whse and Bin.
                    Step to Duplicate.
                    1)  Create Release for INVOICE only for 25,000 boxes.
                    2)  Click INVOICE button to create invoice. 
                          This creates a -25000 from Customer Blank and 25000 for customer IBM1000.
                          Thus 25,000 boxes are owned by customer.
                    3)   Next create SHIP ONLY Release for FIVE Tags.
                           Click BOL button to create Tags.
                    4)   Post BOL to create Invoice.
                          For each BOL Line (Each tag) 
                          This creates a 5000 from Customer Blank and -5000 for customer IBM1000.
                          Since there are two tags, there are 10 new TRANSFER transactions.
                          They all have the same Date and Time.  
                          Five Transfers with 5000 with no Customer and Five -5000 Transfers for IBM1000
                          
                    New Utilty.
                    If Date, Time, Job#, Tag#, Warehouse and Bin are the same, GRAND TOTAL lines.
                    Net Result is History Tab will show -25,000 for IBM1000 and 25,000 for Blank Customer.
                    
N-R- -   07151007 E Util/ReplaceStyle.r   $100 per Hour
                    Task# 07171007
                    
                    This will replace the old style with the new style for the estimates of the specific customer ent
                    ered.    When the Recalc  toggle box is checked, this will recalculate the blank length and blank
                     width, blank square feet and scoring panels identical to the logic on the AUTOCALC button the SP
                    EC folder.  This will also update the finished goods item code.
                    
                    Old Style ________ 
                    New Style  _________
                    Customer _________ 
                    
                    Add new toggle box.   Auto Recalc ___
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 134

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
N-R- -   09261303 E Util/CopyNK1.r
                    New Utility to Copy NK1 Parameters from Company ____   to Company _____
                    ASI clients have multiple companies.
                    The G-F-1 Company File allows adding or Copyinig new Companies.
                    However, all the N-K-1 Parameters are not created.
                    Every year ASI creates new Parameters that the software requires.
                    
                    New Utiltity  will Copy the NK1 Parmaterals and all the fields to the new company.
                    Utility will prompt
                    From Company  ____      To Company  ______
                    Utility will Default 
                    From Company 001          To Company  ______
                    
                    They must enter a Valid company from G-F-1.
                    This will copy each NK1 parameter including
                    Description
                    Module 
                    Characer Value
                    Date Value
                    Decimal Value
                    Integer Value
                    Logical Value
N-R- -   09261304 E util/setfgia.r    Items Not Sold with Zero On Hand
                    New Utility to Set the INACTIVE flag in the Finished Goods Items Tab.
                    Toggle Box should Read. 
                    Set Items to Inactive Orders are Closed, On Hand = 0  and No History  since Date ________
                    Allocated Qty must = Zero.
                    On Order Qty must = Zero.
                    On Hand Qty must = Zero.
                    History File Transactions by not exist after Date Entered.
                    
                    All Parts associated with Set Header will have Identical Active Inactive Code as Set Header.
                    Reports will run faster if when bypassing Inactive Items.
                    Change Utiltity to Make FG item Inactive based on Activity date and On Hand Not correct logic.
                    Check History for Date of Transactions for Receipt or Shipment.
                    
                    For example,
                    If I enter Items with No Activity Since  01/01/2012
                    Program will search History field for Receipts or Shipments in 2012 or 2013.
                    If there is acitivity, Item will be Active.
                    If there is no Activity, Item will be set to Inactive.
                    
                    Please note, a Cycle Count Transaction will not effect the Logic.
                    Only Shipments and Receipts will be used to determine active Status in all quanities are zero.
N-R- -   09261312 E util/PurgeOrphanSetParts.r
                    New Utility called Util/PurgeOrphanSetParts.r
                    
                    All unposted components that are in the I-U-1 Receipts Set Parts table that are not linked to a S
                    ET item will be erased from that table.    No inventory control will be updated.
N-R- -   10081001 E Util/UpdateEstNo.r    This utility will change estimate Numbers
                    Peachtree has estimate numbers being erased by a part of our software.
                    Order 1394 has estimate 4945 which has disappeared.
                    This estimate has an order, job and PO created but they cannot produce scores without estimate.
                    
                    I want to add new estimate with data from FG item file such style, size, and job materials and jo
                    b routing.   Then I will change the esitmate to the ORIGINAL Estimate.
                    
                    This does not fix our problem but it does fix the data.
N-R- -   10121202 E Time of Date Trigger to Fire Off Batch Reports ($20,000 Contract) $160
                    N-R-3 New Trigger for Day,  Weekly, Monthly, Yearly and Time of Day.  
                    This will allow standard reports to be batched and run during nightly hours to say computer proce
                    ssing power and save users time to run the reports so that the reports are available the next mor
                    ning.   This will allow any report in the entire system to be modified to run as a batch or possi
                    bly emailed when the office is closed.
                    
                    $300 cost to make each report a batch report is extra per report.
                    Currently, the following reports have Batch Yellow Toggle Box
                    O-R-16
                    H-L
                    H-W
                    The toggle box simply saves the print screen parameters to the N-R-1 File.
                    The N-R-3 allows the users to combine multiple batch programs to run in a sequence.
                    N-R-3 Simply allows the users to select what Batch Programs to Run.  This must be improved.
                    We need to Store a list of batch programs to run together at user defined time period.
                    For example,  Run Last Day of Every Month.
                    Run Every Sunday at 3AM.
                    Run Every Night at 3AM. 
                    
                     Add Schema Changes / New fields such as Group ID, Menu ID,
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 135

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Day of Week, Run Time,  Number of Copies, Etc.
                    
N-R- -   10201008 E Data Load Utility
                    New Utility to Load Files from Competitive Software into Advantzware Files.
N-R- -   10311403 E util/setfgia.r    This Utilty must SKIP  N-K-1 FGMaster Character Valu
                    The Utility works Perfectly.
                    However.
                    N-K-1 FGMaster.
                    The Character Value is an FG Item that is used as a MASTER for all new FG items.
                    The utility is changing this item in the Character Value =  INACTIVE because there is no activity
                    ..
                    Then
                    All newly created FG items are created as INACTIVE.
                    
                    New Logic.
                    Skip Updating FG Item in the Character Value.
                    OR.
                    SET THIS ITEM to ACTIVE s the Last Line of Code.
N-R- -   11141305 E N-R Util/Utils.r    New Wildcard Search in AutoFind
                    Click Network Admin
                    Click Run Custom Utiltiy
                    Type Util/Utils.r
                    
                    This will list various utilities.
                    I need a more easy way to search under the description.
                    
                    Add Wildcard Search
                    *Name* should find this string of characters for all utilities.
N-R- -   12281102 E Util/UpdCust.r  Create new utility to Update Range of Customers Data
                    See Attached   New Utility to Purge Update Range of Customers.  This will only update the fields 
                    within the range of customers. This will only update fields that are populated on the utility
                    For Example 
                    From Customer ___________             To  Customer  _zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
                    Order Limit             ______________    They will type $50,000.00
                    Credit Limit             ______________    They will type  $100,000.00
                    Payment Terms   ______________    (This would not update since it is blank)
                    Grace Days        ______________       They will type 20
                    Grace Dollars        ______________
                    Whse Days        ______________        They will type 90
                    Location ?   ______________                They will type  ALTMA     
                    Freight Payment ?    _________           They will type collect
                    FOB ?                           _________            They will type origin
                    Tax Code ?                _________            They will type OOS
                    Carrier ?   ___________                           They will type BEST
                    Delivery Zone -  ___________               They will type All Zip Codes
                    Underrun ?  __0_____     Overrun ?  __10______  
                    
                    Also in Customer Shipto File
                    Warehouse                   ______________                They will type  ALTMA    
                    Bin Location                  ______________                They will type  Location   
                    
                    
                    
N-R-1-   04051306 E Util/UpdHistUnitQty.r and Util/UpdateFGCounts.r
                    Rename Utility 
                    Util/UpdateHistoryUnitQty to 
                    UpdHistUnitQty.r
                    
                    Also, only ASI can modfiy the Counts.
                    Login as Joe with Password Joe and program runs but cannout update counts.
                    
                    Remove Hardcoded logic by User ID.
                    
                    
                    Security is not working.
N-R-1-   10101205 E Util/UpdateFGCounts.r and Util/UpdFGUnt.r  ($20,000 Contract)
                    Add two Utilities.   (See item called FG BAD COUNTS)
                    UpdateFGCounts.r  will Update I-F-1
                    UpdateHistoryUnitQty.r  will Update FG History Receipts
                    Currently, user would have to Find each item, click History Folder, click update for each 
                    The new Utilities will save time to fix FG receipts and files added incorrectly.
                    Many Items may have 500 pallets with 1  box per pallet.  This should be 1 pallet with 500 count. 
                     
                    
                    1)  First Utility will allow update the Count on the I-F-1 Inventory Folder. (Attached)
                    WorkSheet will display the following Fields: Item Code, Cust Part#, Item Name, Desc1, Desc2, Last
                     Receipt Units, Last Receipt Qty/Unit and Count.  Only the COUNT field will be updated via the wo
                    rksheet.   User can change count then Arrow down to next item.
                    
                    2)  Second Utiltiy will provide fast way to fix the count fields in the FG History Folder.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 136

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          WorkSheet will display the following Fields: Item Code, job#, Cust Part#, Item Name, Desc1,
                     Desc2, Tag#, Quantity, Qty/Case, Units/Pallet, Pallets, Qty/Pallet.
                    Only the Qty/Case (aka unit)  and Units/Pallet will be updated.
                    Program will calculate / Update the following Fields on WorkSheet, calculated as follows:
                    Qty/Pallet = Qty/Case x Units per Pallet
                    Total Pallets = Total Quanity / (Qty per Pallet)
                    Units = Total Qty / Qty per Case
                    See Attached  Example, 
                    If Quanity is 5000 and Qty/Case = 500 and Units/Pallet = 10 then 
                    Units = 40,   Qty per Pallet = 5000 and  Total Pallets = 1
N-R-4-   03101008 E N-K EDIRelease  EDI Created Releases from Text File for Open Order
                    N-K-1 EDIRelease and N-K-1 EDIBillofLading
                    1)   N-R-4 program will import text file from Rheem Corporation to create Release from existing o
                    rder.  Program will search OPEN order for Customer Part Number.
                    Then Add a Release Line and Transfer Release to the Actual Release O-T-1 file.
                    Download of Data from Rheem to Capital City Container Server is not included in this quote.
                    Rheem file will include Customer PO#, Customer Part Number, Lot#, Release Date and Quanitity.    
                    ASI must find the Order and Create a Release for that order.
                    N-K-1 EDIRelease character value will house location of text file.
                    
                    Rheem Field specifications for this data are as follows.
                    r_sales_ord          CHAR(15)           Rheem PO#.   (ASI Line and Release PO#)     
                    r_sales_line_no   DECIMAL(3,0)   Line# of part on Rheem Purchase order.  (ASI Line Ln#)
                    r_part_no                CHAR(15)           Rheem Part number for component. (ASI customer part#)
                         
                    r_vend_part_no    CHAR(15)           Vendor part number  (ASI Finished Goods Item Code)
                    r_qty_req                DECIMAL(11)  Release Qty.   (ASI Release Qty) 
                    r_cell_no                 CHAR(12)            Rheem schedule reference   (ASI Customer Lot#)
                    r_date_req             DATE                    Rheem Schedule date  (ASI Release Date)   
                    r_comment             CHAR(20)            Misc instructions. (ASI Ship Notes by Release)
                    
                    2)   N-K-1 EDIBillofLading Logical Value YES will create the File by Business Form
                    When Bill of Lading is Posted and Invoice Create for the Finished Goods Item. 
                    Capital City will also FTP data from Capital City bill of lading to Rheem so that Rheem can load 
                    finished goods receipt into their computer system.
                    FTP login information will be provided by Rheem Corp.
                    We must also create a FTP to Rheem Corp from our Bill of Lading Post Program.
                    Once the customer create the Bill of Lading, Prints.
                    Then POSTS (Which creates the Invoice)
                    You will create File only for Specific Customer.
                    Create new N-K-1   EDIBolPost
                    Use the Character Value to Store the Location of the File.
                    Use the View Character by CUSTOMER to Store the FTP information.
                    Only customers with defined character value will ExPort File.
                    
N-R-4-   05071001 E N-K EDIBOL
                    N-K-1 EDIBillofLading
                    Logical Value YES will create the File by Business Form
                    
                    When Bill of Lading is Posted and Invoice Create for the Finished Goods Item. 
                    Capital City will also FTP data from Capital City bill of lading to Rheem so that Rheem can load 
                    finished goods receipt into their computer system.
                    FTP login information will be provided by Rheem Corp.
                    We must also create a FTP to Rheem Corp from our Bill of Lading Post Program.
                    Once the customer create the Bill of Lading, Prints.
                    Then POSTS (Which creates the Invoice)
                    You will create File only for Specific Customer.
                    Create new N-K-1   EDIBolPost
                    Use the Character Value to Store the Location of the File.
                    Use the View Character by CUSTOMER to Store the FTP information.
                    Only customers with defined character value will ExPort File.
                    
                    VIEW FORM Character Value = RHEEM  
                    This will use the Rheem Format and FTP information for Rheem.
                    Company Confidential Login Information on Solution Folder.
N-R-4-   12031201 E New EDI Load Format
                    Task 03101008 was completed in  2010 (by Ron) to allow downloading releases from a form sent to C
                    apital from their customer using NR4 (releasecreateandbolload).  
                    
                    Their customer has modified the form layout.  
                    Capital needs to be able to use the EDI, but it does not work with the new format - see attached 
                    samples of old (TXT) and new (CSV) formats. 
                    
                    The old logic is being replaced.
                    Same customer
                    What this program does is automatically releases all of their items from our system on a daily ba
                    sis.  They release anywhere from 100-200 items a day (very time consuming).  
                    I would receive their release and save it to my N: drive and then run the EDI release feature.  
                    I will still need to check the bins on each item as they release.  
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 137

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    The old way would also send the BOL's to the customer.  
                    We do not need this feature anymore.
N-R-5-   01051101 E New Export Contacts Menu
                    New program on Menu called Export Contacts.  See Attached Screens
                    This program will be similar to the ASI Addon download program.
                    This program must be expanded as follows:
                    
                    1)  Download Shipto Contacts.
                    2)  Download Customer Contacts.
                         Either 1 or 2 must be checked.   If they don?t check one then nothing will be downloaded. 
                    3)  Option to select specific Contact Titles
                          Add SEARCH Lookup on the TITLE so that only valid Titles can be Entered.  
                    4)  Add Range From Customer to Customer.  Add Search by Customer Code from A-F-1
                    5)  Add Range From Sales Rep to Sales Rep.  Add Search Lookup by Sales Rep from A-F-1.
                    
                    6)  Option to Download to Microsoft Address Book as Distribution List.
                          Please note, some contacts may not have an email address.
                          Therefore, contacts without emails SHOULD NOT be downloaded to Address Book.
                          This can then be used for email marketing letters.
                    
                    
N-Z- -   06251212 E Resize Project Network/SA
                    Resize Project
N-Z-1-1  02151301 E N-K MiscJobCL = ACPIJobCor (New Job Check Box)
                    See Attached.
                    Create new N-K MiscJobCL = ACPIJobCardCL.
                    Create new Tab called ISO/Quality Control (or Tabs if more space is needed) that contains the inf
                    ormation on the attached.
                    Columns header (1-8) should allow for free form text entry of machine.
                    Row labels are hard-coded
                    Yes/No fields are identified in the Excel attachment.  All others are free-form text entry.
                    
                    
N-Z-1-1  09071004 E New Menu Database Table called ISO / Quality Control (See Attached)
                    New Table called ISO / Quality Control will house a CheckList of Questions per department.
                    The System, MISC fields menu will allow defining the folders and fields in the table that will be
                     linked to folders in the job file and the Touch Screen Data Collection.
                    
                    The field name will house a question, the answer, date and/or person ID
                    For example,  the department Pre-Flight Qualtity Control will have a multiple categories of quest
                    ions.   Category 1 = Check if Customer has Supplied.   The fields will be 
                    Some fields will be logical, some fields will be text, other fields will be date fields.
                    
                    Table:  ISO Qualtity Control.
                    Job# 
                    Department Code = QC      This will have lookup from N-Z department file.
                    Question Category = Check if Customer Has Supplied?  (This is user Defined)
                    Field 1 =  Sequece Number for Job/Dept/Category =  001
                    Field 2 =  Name = Digital Files on Disk? 
                    Field 3 =  Screen Label
                    Field 4 =  Yes / No / NA ?                                                                       
                                      
                    Field 5 =  Date?  99/99/99                                                                       
                                       
                    Field 6 =  User ID   ______________                                                              
                            
                    Field 7  = User  Name  ____________________________                             
                    
                    We will supplie a folder in J-U-1 and Touch Screen listing all the questions by Department.
O- - -   02221002 E N-K JobcardF = Colonial ($75 / Hour per Original Task 10010918)
                    Following changes to each of our factory tickets. 
                    Changes are being made to add the Customer Lot# from the Order-Release screen. 
                    Attached are copies of the current format and the revised mocked up format:
                    
                    Carton Factory Ticket
                    1) Remove Vendor Field
                    2) Remove Stripper Location Field
                    3) Move Sheets, LBS, Sheet Size, Net Sheet, Die Size and Die # fields over to the left
                    4) Move Case Size, Cases and #up down a section and after the Die # field
                    5) Move Style & Carton size over all the way to the right
                    6) Move Description field over to the right and allow all characters to print that are available 
                    in the system.
                    7) Add Customer Lot # from OU1 Release Screen field to the right of the PO #.
                    An order can have many items.
                    Each finished goods item may have multiple releases.
                    Each Release can have a different LOT#.
                    Print the LOT# from the 1st Item for the oldest Release Number.
                    
                    See attachment dated 3/2.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 138

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Pat tested ASI job#201892
O- - -   02221004 E N-K JobcardC = ColoniaPL (Factory Ticket Changes)
                    Changes are being made to add the Customer Lot# from the Order-Release screen. 
                    Printed Literature Factory Ticket
                    1)  Move Estimate Field below the Print Date field
                    2)  Move Acct Code, Ship Date, Qty Due and PO fields to the left
                    3)  Add Customer Lot # field to the right of the PO #.
                         This is the LOT# located on the Release Folder of Order Entry
                    
                    An order can have many items.
                    Each finished goods item may have multiple releases.
                    Each Release can have a different LOT#.
                    Print the LOT# from the 1st Item for the oldest Release Number.
                    
                    
                    See attachment dated 3/2
                    
                    
                    Please note,  Both Jobcards must be colonial
                    N-K1 JobcardF = Colonial
                    N-K-1 JobcardC = ColonialPL
                    Product Category = Product Category must start with P
O- - -   05101008 E N-K JobcardC = ColoniaPL (original task 02211004)
                    Changes are being made to add the Customer Lot# from the Order-Release screen. 
                    Printed Literature Factory Ticket
                    1)  Move Estimate Field below the Print Date field
                    2)  Move Acct Code, Ship Date, Qty Due and PO fields to the left
                    3)  Add Customer Lot # field to the right of the PO #.
                         This is the LOT# located on the Release Folder of Order Entry
                    
                    An order can have many items.
                    Each finished goods item may have multiple releases.
                    Each Release can have a different LOT#.
                    Print the LOT# from the 1st Item for the oldest Release Number.
                    
                    See attachment dated 3/2
                    
                    Please note,  Both Jobcards must be colonial: 
                    THESE CRITERIA SHOULD BE MET.
                    1. N-K1 JobcardF = Colonial
                    2. N-K-1 JobcardC = ColonialPL
                    3. Poduct Category = Product Category must start with P
O- - -   05181205 E XML output report option for Premier Print-to-File
                    For the following reports from Advantzware:
                    1.  BOL
                    2.  Job Ticket  (moved to 06061203)
                    3.  Quotes
                    4.  Estimates   (moved to 06061202)
                    5.  Invoices
                    
                    ASI will create a XML output file in the location defined in the CHARACTER value field.
                    1.  N-K-1 XMLBOL
                    2.  N-K-1 XMLJobTicket (moved to 06061203)
                    3.  N-K-1 XMLQuote
                    4.  N-K-1 XMLEstimate (moved to 06061202)
                    5.  N-K-1 XMLInvvoice
                    
                    The logical (yes/no) value will indicate whether the ASI system outputs to XML (yes) or does not 
                    (no).  The character value for each of the system controls will contain the file path for which t
                    o store these XML files.  
                    
                    The user interface will not change.  When a system control is set to yes for a given report and O
                    NLY if the user selects "Print to File" and submits via the "OK" button, ASI will simply create a
                     secondary output stream to the XML and also allow the user to select the file location for print
                    ing to an .xpr file, as they do today (i.e - two files get created, one XML in the location speci
                    fied by the system control, and one .xpr in the location specified by the user).  The other print
                     options should not create an XML output.   Premier wanted to limit the amount of duplication of 
                    reports and their users are already trained to print-to-file today.
                    
                    XML File Details:
                    ASI will choose a file naming convention that is simple.  ASI will create a file on every print-t
                    o-file operation done, regardless if the form has already been printed.
                    Premier provided a sample breakdown of fields they would like the XML to output for BOL and Job T
                    icket.   These samples are attached.
                    In general, Premier would like header and footer information supplied once with each data item br
                    oken out into a separate tag.  For the variable line-item parts of the reports, they would like e
                    ach printed line represented as a tag with space delimited values inside each tag.  
O- - -   07061204 E XML output report option for Premier Print-to-File (version 4)
                    Add ending PAGE tag.
O- - -   07151011 E N-K POExport = GP  -  XML Enhancement for Premier Packaging
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 139

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    We have received a request from the plant that currently receives orders from Premier Packaging t
                    o enhance the current XML we are receiving when they place an order. 
                    Premier is expecting their complete job # to show up on the load tag we are sending them when the
                     product is produced and we are only getting part of the job #. Today our plant is receiving a fa
                    x from the customer containing the complete job # on it. They then have to go in and update the j
                    ob # to include the last few digits. I have no clue where the rest of this job # that printing on
                     the fax is located, but we are definitely not getting it. Below is an example. I am hoping that 
                    the process is just truncating the field we are receiving to 5 digits and can just be expanded. O
                    therwise we will need to have an additional field added to our XML layout.
                     
                    Example:
                     
                    Premiere sent PO # 70843a1 on 7/14
                    Attached is the XML we received
                    As you will see, we received 246059 in the PO line sequence number. This is part of the job # and
                     is in the correct location but as you can also see by the fax that is attached, the complete job
                     # is 246059-01-01. We are missing the -01-01.
                     
                    Please let us know what would be involved to include the rest of the job # in the file you are cu
                    rrently sending. Thanks.
O-B- -   08071207 E N-K Invprint = Loylang, LoylangJIT, LoylangBSF - Remit To Address chan
                    Modify "Remit To" address
                    See attachment for new address.
                    
                    Also, create a highlighted background around new address.
                    
                    Must be changed on all LoyLang Invoice NK1s in OE and AR.
O-B-1-   01141301 E Add View Order Purchase Order Number to OB1 View Screen
                    Display the View Purchase Order from O-U-1 View Order Screen.
                    Show this Above the Carrier Field.   Display Only
                    This will not be updated via O-B-1.
                    See Order 204428.
                    The View Order PO# and the Release PO# are differnt.
                    The Release PO# is on the ITEMS tab and will not be changed.
                    
                    
O-B-1-   01241303 E N-K INVPRINT = Protagon & Protagon 2 - Print Latest Invoice Date
                    Protagon uses the "group by date" option so that multiple BOLs will be sent on a single invoice. 
                     
                    The date that prints on the protagon invoices pulls from the master invoice header, and is not ed
                    itable.
                    This mod will add logic to pull the most recent date from the invoices that are grouped together.
                    
                    
                    This requires changes to both INVPRINT = PROTAGON and PROTAGON2 and should apply to the invoices 
                    printed before and after posting.
O-B-1-   01311301 E Add Yellow Sort Headings to Order# and Status
                    Add Yellow Column Headings to O-B-1
                    
                    
O-B-1-   02061303 E N-K INVPRINT = Protagon & Protagon 2 - Change Terms & Misc Charges
                    Changes to both INVPRINT = PROTAGON & PROTAGON2:
                    Ensure that changes to the Terms on any invoice for "Group By Date" customers is reflected in the
                     invoice form.  Similar to the logic for Contact, if this field is changed for one of the invoice
                    s on the multi-invoice, it should be the one displayed and not the value that is automatically po
                    pulated from the customer file.
                    
                    Changes to INVPRINT=PROTAGON
                    1) Add the order number and Tax Y/N to each misc charges line.  The Tax field will display the va
                    lue shown in the "Tax" column of the Misc tab in OB1.  The order number displayed will be the ord
                    er shown on the main browse of OB1.
                    Print the order number under the Customer PO (thus adding a space between charge descriptions).
                    2) For invoices that are only misc charges, the Salesperson in the header should be populated wit
                    h the salesperson on the first misc charge.
                    
                    All changes above should be made on the posted invoice forms as well.
O-B-1-   02141301 E N-K InvPrint = ColoniaX,ColonialLot#,CCCFGL3,CCCFGLot
                    For 4 of 3Cs INVPRINT formats (ColonialLot#, ColoniaX,CCCFGL3,CCCFGLot) make the following change
                    s:
                    
                    1) Pull the "Bill To" address information from the sold-to rather than the customer
                    2) Add Customer PO# and Order # to the miscellaneous charge lines. 
O-B-1-   03051007 E Add Sales Rep Code and Name to Items Browser
                    O-B-1 is by invoice.
                    Click the ITEMS folder and this shows List of Items on the Order.
                    Add Sales Rep and Name to far right.
                    Column to be
                    Sales Rep  Sales Rep
                    001                Joseph Hentz
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 140

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Also, UPDATE button shows Sales Rep Code.
                    Display the Sales Rep Name Also.
O-B-1-   03111013 E Item Folder - getting an error when double clicking an item
                    See Attached
                    After you double click an item you should be put into update mode automatically.  You should not 
                    have to click the item then click the update button.  Also when I double click the item I get an 
                    error message.
O-B-1-   05021307 E N-K InvStatus = Log Value = YES APRROVE Button is Erasing the Invoice
                    N-K-1 InvStatus Logical Value = YES puts Invoices on WAITING/APPROVAL.
                    
                    1)  Approve Button is Erasing the Invoice Date.
                    
                    2)  IF Customer File A-F-1 field Invoice per Group is Checked.
                         Invioces are set to HOLD.
                         Approval Button options Display as to What invoices to Approve.
                         Then we get an Extra Invalid Message Attached.
                           
                    3) O-B-1 Browser is not Showing the Status.  It is Blank. 
O-B-1-   05171209 E util\crtinv.r    Add BOL Range
                    This utiltiy requires a BOL #. to recreate the Invoice.
                    See if we can add a Range to determine if any other bill of ladings are in Limbo.
O-B-1-   07051202 E New option on Approve Invoice Pop-Up
                    Current software behavior:  (See Attached)
                    Customer invoice option toggle box checked as "Group by Date" (AF1).  
                    The invoices for these customers will not print until they are approved in OB1 by selecting one o
                    f the invoices on hold and going to the View Invoice folder.  There is an "Approve" button on the
                     bottom, right hand corner of the screen.  Answer "Yes" when asked if you are sure you want to re
                    lease this invoice.  
                    You will get a pop-up with the choices: 
                    1) This Invoice Only, 
                    2) All Invoices for the First Finished Good Item, or 
                    3) All Invoices for This Customer.  
                    Please note, the key functionality is that all invoices approved will print together on 1invoice.
                    
                    
                    NEW POPUP when Selecting (3)
                    Add new option to existing pop up "Selected Invoices for This Customer".  
                    When this option  (3) is selected, 
                    A pop-up List  of all invoices on Hold for this customer up to that Date will appear.
                    All invoices will be checked to invoice.  However User can UnCheck Invoices.
                    Only invoices checked will be releases off the HOLD Status.
                    The title of this window should be "Select Invoices to Release". 
                    Selection should be done by checking a toggle box next to each invoice.  
                    The user should be able to Ctrl - click and Shift-Click to toggle more than one invoice at a time
                    .
                    
                    
O-B-1-   07091002 E N-K INVPRINT = CSC-GA
                    Modifications to Invoice:
                    1) Make logo smaller (see attached file for logo) actual size should not be larger than 1" x 3".
                    2) Correct phone#s.
                    3) Print info from BOL Trailer# field (see attached) in the emply box to the left of Invoice Date
                    .
                    4) Move the line to the left of "Terms" and the blank field below it 6 spaces to the left.
                    5) Move the line to the left and right of "Sales Person" and fields below 4 spaces to the right.
                    6) In Customer Part#/FG# column, reverse what prints (Part# should be top, FG on bottom).
                    7) Move what prints in the Price Column left 1 space.
O-B-1-   08071409 E N-K InvPrint = ColoniaX,ColonialLot# - Add form & blank to job number.
                    Replace "Our Order #" with "Our Job #".
                    Where the order number currently prints, print the job number from the order instead.
                    Add a 2 digit number to the end of the order number field as depicted on page 3 of the attached. 
                      This number should be the form and blank (#####-FB) as it is in the other 3C mods.
                    (Note, this is not the 2 digit job-no2.)
                    
                    This change should be made to both 3C formats and to both posted and unposted invoice forms (4 fo
                    rms in total)
O-B-1-   08271402 E N-K InvPrint = PrestigeLLB (Copy LoyLang)
                    Copy LoyLang and call it PrestigeLLB.
                    Remove the remit to line at the bottom put the credit graphic that is attached there.
                    Need to change both OB1 and Posted Invoices.
O-B-1-   08281401 E N-K InvPrint = RFCX    (PO to Print from O-B-1 Invoice Items Tab)
                    The Customer PO# was printing from the Release Tab.
                    Then RFC wanted this to print from the O-U-1 View Order Tab.
                    Now they want it to Print from the Invoice Items Tab.
                    
O-B-1-   09121410 E N-K InvPrint = PrestigeLLB
                    From Task# 08271402 
                    The Graphic at the Bottom was not added.
                    1) Remove the remit to line at the bottom 
                        (this was done onTask# 08271402)
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 141

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    2) Put the credit graphic that is attached there.
                         This part of  Task# 08271402 was ignored.
                          See Attached.
                    The Yellow BOL and Highlited section was not added.
                    
                    Remit  Payment To:  222 Russel Blvd..............................................................
O-B-1-   09121413 E MISC Tab on Invoice to show FG Item, S/B, Estimate
                    On Invioce File.
                    MISC Folder has several database fields in the database that are not listed on the MISC tab.
                    
                    1) Add FG Item Code
                    2) Add S/B
                    3) Add Estimate
                    
                    Same fields on O-U-1 Misc tab should be added to Invoice Misc tab.
                    
O-B-1-   10011302 E N-K INVPRINT= Protagon (Add MISC line number to Invoice Form).
                    See Attached.
                    There is a line column on the MISC screen of the order but this does not move to the invoice.
                    Add new logic to the line number for Miscellaneous Chargers to their Invoice form.
                    
                    A) If Line# on Misc Tab = 0  
                          then nothing should print.   Meaning spaces should replace the zero.
                    
                    B)  If Line# is 1 or greater, then print that number on the invoice.
                    
                    Please note, logic for printing the line number already exists for finished goods items on the IT
                    EMS screen.
O-B-1-   11021219 E N-K BOLFMT = Multicell   (Frieght Class)
                    See Attachment
                    More changes to meet the requirements for the Nation Motor Freight.  
                    
                    1)  Reduce Column called Part#
                    2)  Add new Column called CLASS.  
                         This will print from the I-F-1 Freight Class Field.
                    3)  Add the Class 70 to the bottom of the page shown in attachment.
                    4)  Original Mod was to print PO Number from the Description Field.  This will remain.
                         Under PO# Field, we will also print the PO# up to 15 characters from BOL Line PO#.
                         This is transferred from the Release PO# 
                    
                    
                    Please note, 
                    Previous modificaton called N-K-1 FGFreightClass = YES sets the I-F-1 Freight Class.
                    FG item Freight Class will transfer from delivery zone based on zip code.
                    This will transfer to the I-F-1 Item Freight Class Field.
                    I-F-7 should have Code = 70  for Freight Class 70   
                    
                    
                    
O-B-1-   11031004 E Push Pin in O-B-1   (Same Logic as O-U-1)
                    COPY Push Pin Icon from O-U-1 to O-B-1
                    Same Exact Logic as Order Entry Push Pin and Same Data Files.
                    
                    In order for this to be the same logic as is in O-U-1, then the push pin would need to be accesse
                    d in the itme screen only, by order number.  Since you can have multiple items on the invoice fro
                    m multiple orders, it does not make sense to be able to use the pushpin on the brower in O-B-1
O-B-1-   11211001 E Write utility to create invoice from bol already posted
                    Simkins order 666 Release 120,000 shows status z, but invoice never created for that line item.
O-B-1-   12051104 E Prompt for Date when Group Invoices by Date for Multiple Bill of Ladin
                    Customer file field for invoice method called GROUP by DATE.
                    When posting bill of ladings, the invoices are put on a HOLD status.
                    At end of a week or end of a month, the APPROVE button will consolidate all the invoices in a HOL
                    D status by customer into a single invoice number.
                    The printing process uses the date of the oldest invoice in the range.
                    
                    New Temporary Field  that will prompt  "INVOICE DATE?"
                    The user may enter the last day of the month such as 12-09-2011.
                    There may be invoices from December 1 to the oldest invoice may be December 27th.
                    The program will change all the invoices Released for this customer to 12/31/2011 date.
                    
                    Invoice Cost Split with Interpack, Southpak, Action ???
O-B-3-   01111001 E N-K InvPrint = Carded  (Copy ColoniaX)
                    See Attached.
                    Add new Box called TAX on the Bottom.
                    This form will be used for invoices via order entry and also accounts receivable.
                    
                    Change /  remove the three boxes concerning the cash discount 
                    (net amount subject to cash discount, cash discount amount, and if paid by this date)
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 142

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Rename Column to Sales Tax.
                    This will print from the O-B-1 View Folder for Total Tax.. 
                    
                    
                    `
O-B-3-   01191327 E Invoice Print to Attach Signed BOL when Emailing (Shared Mod)
                    New Toggle box on Invoice Print Screen.
                    ____   Attach Signed BOL 
                    
                    When emailing this can be checked.
                    When checked, the BOL# defined on the Invoice will import the file saved for the Signed Bill of L
                    ading.  Please note, this must attached to invoices that are not posted.
                    They will email invoices instead of printing so they will not be posted to A/R History.
                    
                    
                    Please Note.
                    N-K-1 BOLSign 
                    Description houses the location of the signed bill of lading that was scanned and saved.
                    The signed BOL can now be emailed via O-Q-1.
                    Find Order 200031 (Closed)  Click Invoice Tab, Click BOL tab.
                    Icon at bottom right called Signed BOL.
                    
                    At this Logic to POSTED invoice also.
O-B-3-   01201202 E N-K invprint = frankstn Change from INC to LP on remit to address.
O-B-3-   01221001 E N-K INVPRINT = Loylang
                    9)  Print Order Quantity under SHip Quantity.   Change Label Ordered / Shipped  (all forms)
                    10)  Reprint Posted Invoice adds Freight  See Attached.
O-B-3-   01281102 E N-K INVPRINT = CapCityIN  (Copy Simkins)  O-B-3, A-U-3 and Posted Invo
                      1) Copy Simkins invoice and re-name CapCityIN.  Use Capitol's logo (see attached).
                      2) Items will  print sorted first by PO# from Invoice Line, then Ln# (from View Item Detail)
                      2) Skip 1/2 Line Between Each Invoice Line.  (Currently this skips 1 compete line).
                      3)  Decrease size of  "Customer ID" box.
                      4)  Increase size the the Contact Box.
                      5) Move "Bill To:" and "Ship To:"  up lines as far as possible without interfering with logo
                      6) Reduce the space after the "Bill To" and "Ship To" adresses.
                      6) Remove the space between the heading boxes.
                      7) 1st Column:        Order Qty / Order#   (Data will print on two lines under column)
                      8) 2nd Column:      Inv Qty / Ship Qty    (Data will print on two lines under column)
                      9) 3rd Column:       BOL #    (Reduce Size to 8 Digits)
                    10) 4th Column:       Cust Part# / FG #         (Data to Print on 1st & 2nd Lines under column)
                    11) 5th Column:        PO# / Line#/Description will be Column Heading.
                           1st Line For FG Items    print  PO#  data in 1st 15 characters from Invoice Line
                           1st Line:  Last 5 characters will print Line# 999 from Orders View Item Detail
                           1st Line For Misc Items print  PO#  data in 1st 15 characters from Invoice Misc Folder
                    12) 5th Column       Description (Print on Lines 2 & 3 up to 30 characters under 5th Column)   
                    13) Fill in the "Please Remit To:"  with the address:  Line 1  Capitol City Container Corp.   
                           Line 2 PO Box 68531 Line 3 Indianapolis, Indiana  46268-1627
                    14)  Add "IN Sales Tax" below "Freight". (Note: Print even if the tax = $0.00)
                    15) Also see SOLUTION for printing Department Notes.  (Copy from Xprint Logic)
                          Print exactly as XPrint prints the Department Notes via Toggle Box on Invoice Print Screen.
                    
                    
                    
O-B-3-   01311309 E Invoice Print to Attach Signed BOL when Emailing  (Shared Mod)
                    New Toggle box on Invoice Print Screen.
                    ____   Attach Signed BOL 
                    
                    When emailing this can be checked.
                    When checked, the BOL# defined on the Invoice will import the file saved for the Signed Bill of L
                    ading.  
                    
                    
                    This will be limited to N-K-1 Invprint = Soule Invoice Forms
O-B-3-   02021105 E N-K INVPRINT = Loylang
                    Currently the bill to code and address print on this invoice from.
                    Replace bill to address from the sold to code and address from O-U-1.
                    
                    Please note
                    Reprint posted invoices must also be modified.
O-B-3-   02101104 E N-K INVPRINT - CSCGA
                    Modify N-K INVPRINT CSC-GA:
                    1) Enlarge Cust PO/Order# column by 5 characters (total characters = 12).
                    2) Reduce Description column by 3 characters.
                    3) Reduce Amount column by 2 characters.
                    
                    Please Note.
                    Make changes for O-B-1 invoicing and A-U-3 Reprint Posted Invoice.
O-B-3-   02121414 E N-K Paperless Logical Value = Yes to Activate Paperless Logic
                    Customer does not want to always have to check "Ignore Paperless" when batch emailing invoices..
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 143

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Create N-K Paperless
                    Logical Value = yes  -> Activates logic to uncheck Ignore Paperless by default.
                    Logical Value = NO - > Save Ignore Paperless Setting by user.
O-B-3-   02181108 E N-K INVPRINT = Dee (Copy Frankstn)
                    Copy and modify Frankston Invoice with the following mods (also see attachment):
                    1) Use Dee's Logo.
                    2) In the "Please Remit To:" - use:  Dee Paper Co., Inc., 100 Broomall St., Chester, Pa.  19013.
                    3) Freight charges should print (and be added into the Grand Total) whenever there is an
                         amount in the OB1 View Invoice Freight amount. 
                         This should already work this way and should only do this if the f-bill is eq to "YES"
O-B-3-   02211307 E N-K INVPRINT = Protagon
                    INVPRINT = Protagon
                    
                    Multiple BOLs for the same order (such as attached INV169.pdf that is created by printing 10 BOLs
                     together on the one invoice) prints 5 entries for the same FG and order.
                    This mod will show only one line per FG item, summing up the qty's shipped and invoiced for that 
                    item on the whole invoice.
                    All other fields will be taken from the last BOL (including the BOL number in the first column).
                    
                    
O-B-3-   02251003 E N-K Invprint = Hughes & Hughes2
                    When creating an invoice for a misc item (die Prep), the system is automatically assigning 
                    a delivery date on the invoice.    This date should be blank if BOL# is blank.
                    1)  When no FG item exists on the invoice, this date should be blank, or read N/A
                    Example on our system invoice#     1984
                    
                    ASI Response.
                    N-K-1 InvPrint = Hughes or Hughe2.
                    To Test.  Print ASI Invoice 1993
                    To Duplicate.
                    Find any Order and click MISC folder.
                    Click Add Button to add misc charge called PLATE and make price $100.
                    Next, click the INVOICE button on bottom of screen.
                    This automatically creates and Invoice for the Misc Item.
                    The ship date should be blank.
O-B-3-   03011107 E N-K INVPRINT = CSC-GA  (Customer PO# 26250 must be on ASI Invoice)
                    See Attached
                    Decrease the width of the Price Column and UOM Column by 1 character each and expand the Price Co
                    lumn on invoice to accomodate 4 numbers to the right of the decimal - see attached.
O-B-3-   03121202 E N-K BOLFMT = NSTOCK   (Copy Xprint2)
                    Copy N-K BolFmt = Xprint2
                    The first page shows the handwritten changes for a typical custom Box.
                    The second page shows some stock boxes on a order
                    The fourth page is a blank example.
                    
                    1)  Logical Value = No will not print COMPANY Name as Box Plant will use Letterhead Paper.
                    2)  Bill of Lading # cannot be Centered  -    Company Name Must Print
                    3)  Ship Notes from SHIP NOTES Tab on BOL will print on BOL.
                          This logic exists
                    4)  Add Release Quantity from O-U-1 Release folder.
                          Please note, if multiple Orders are combined on Bill of Lading, program must total Release 
                           Quantiities by FG if BOL is summarized by FG Item.
                         This logic adds 4 hours.
                    4)  See Attachement for other Changes.
O-B-3-   03141203 E N-K INVPRINT = NStock    (Copy form Hughes)
                    The first page shows the handwritten changes to the Hughes Invoice Form for an assembled set.    
                     (Task Notes override Attachment !
                    
                    1) Change Column Heading from Ordered to Order Qty column. 
                         However, data will print the Released Quantity from O-U-1 Release Folder.
                         Please note, there may be multiplle releases combined onto 1 invoice so this is new logic.
                       ( This is because there are time when we do not want our customer to know jow many boxes      
                     we ordered and we think the verbiage "Order Qty" would be less confusing to a customer     than 
                     "Release Qty")
                    
                    2)  The second page shows an example of what this should look like.
                    
                    3)   Move Totals Block to Bottom
                    
                    4)   No Changes to Notes 
                    
                    Please note O-B-1 Order Invoice and A-U-1 Invoice must be changed.
O-B-3-   03171102 E N-K INVPRINT = Peachtree
                    Customer needs newly created logo re-sized for invoice.  Note:  John already added the address & 
                    phone # in ASI, but it needs to be repositioned and re-sized on the invoice - see attachments.
                    
                    Logo attached to task.
O-B-3-   03171106 E N-K QUOPRINT = TRILAKE-EXCEL
                    Use Logo Trilake2 - needs to be re-sized on Quote form only.  
                    Note:  Their invoice also uses this logo, but it is already the correct size.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 144

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    Image Location asi:
                    P:\asi10test\PCO1010\images\trilake2.jpg
O-B-3-   03201202 E N-K INVPRINT = BADGER - Copy and rename "Badger E-Mail"
                    Copy the existing invoice form (NK1 INVPRINT = Badger) and add "E-Mailed" with a box below it for
                     a manual date entry - see attached for example and placement.  They currently are using a stamp 
                    on every invoice for the e-mail customers.  This will eliminate this step for them.
O-B-3-   03261204 E N-K INVPRINT = CSCIN
                    We have a certification stamp that we are having to place on every INVOICE copy.  
                    We would like to add the certification to the bottom of the form.  
                    See sample for placement.
                    
                    Please note.
                    Notes section must be changed to allow Stamp to Print.
                    Total Line items per page must be changed to allow for Stamp to Print.
                    This must modify O-B-1 invoices.
                    This must be modified on A-U-1 Invoice Form for Reprinting Posted Invoices.
                    
                    Note: Certification stamp attached to task.
O-B-3-   04011001 E N-K INVPRINT = HUGHES2
                    1.  Remove "BOL#" field heading (leave blank) and the printing of the single BOL in the
                         "header" row.
                    2.  Change the box from shipped to shipped / BOL#.
                    3.  Add the individual items BOL# onto the Invoice.
                    (see attachments)
O-B-3-   04061107 E N-K INVPRINT = Knight  (See Attached  Page Two)
                    Add the following to print below the logo for all customers. 
                    
                    PLEASE REMIT TO:   KNIGHT PAPER BOX CO.
                                                                2638 MOMENTUM PLACE
                                                                CHICAGO, IL   60689-5326
O-B-3-   04071009 E N-K INVPRINT = CCCFGL3
                    Invoice Format 3CLot#2 and  3CLot#3  - Copy from ColonialLot
                    The new invoice forms will sort differently depending on the customers desired layout.
                    
                    Spoke to Bob 6/18 - Only wants Meadwestvaco done DO NOT DO THIS ONE YET.
                    /* 1) ColonialLot#2 (Sample Inv# 95635)
                         Print Same FG item and sort by Sell Price in Release Folder.
                          If the new Release Sell Price Toggle Box is checked, 
                          this will print separate line on invoice for each Sell Price by FG item 
                          for all releases on the invoice. * //
                    
                    THIS IS THE ONE BOB MEANT TO SIGN OFF FOR (MEADWESTVACO)
                    2)  ColonialLot#3 (Sample Inv#95544)
                          Customer Needs to see how many Tailgates on the invoice, but do not pay for them
                    
                    3)  Current Format Exists.
                          Customer does not need to see how many Tailgates are on the invoice.
                    
                    Task# 03311011 and 04071010 must be completed first which have new DB fields.
                    
                    (AH) 06/21/10 - waiting for the PO column value from Customer
                    Pat 6/24 - MWV po# is being entered in the Customer Lot # field on the order release screen.
O-B-3-   04091404 E N-K INVPrint = ACPI,   Add/Change Column Shipped Qty to Ship/Invoiced
                    Currently on ACPI Invoice, the form printed the field SHIPPED.
                    Change the Label to a Two Column label as follows:
                    
                    INVOICED
                    SHIPPED
                    
                    The 1st Fields will be the quantity invoiced.
                    The 2nd Field will be the quantity shipped.
                    
                    This will better information for invoicing overruns as well as invoice only and ship only invoice
                    s.  Modify both O-B-1 invoice program and A-U-3 Posted Invoices.
O-B-3-   04121205 E N-K INVPRINT = PremierX
                    Change last 4 characters of fax numer to "3354" - see attachment.
O-B-3-   04141101 E N-K INVPRINT = Knight  (See Attached  Page Two)
                    Add the following to print below the logo for all customers. 
                    
                    PLEASE REMIT TO:   KNIGHT PAPER BOX CO.
                                                                2638 MOMENTUM PLACE
                                                                CHICAGO, IL   60689-5326
                    
                    The address was suppose to pull from Customer X.
                    Jansher the Indian programm only added the Remit To address for Customer STOCK
                    who has a status of X.
                    
                    Please remove his logic that points to Customer with Status = X.
                    This must print for all customers.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 145

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
O-B-3-   04271203 E N-K INVPRINT = LoylangBSF  (Copy LoyLang)
                    N-K-InvPrint = LoyLangBSF  (This is a Invoice Form Change Only)
                    This will be added to the View Form by unique customer.
                    When Customer is on View Form and character value = LoyLangBSF and 
                    Finished Goods Product Category = PADS THEN.
                    The Sell Price and UOM on the Quote From will be replaced by Sell Price and UOM per BSF
                    BSF = Blank Square Feet.
                    Price per Board Square Foot is calculated as
                    Selling Price / Blank Square Feet. Blank SF = 4.401  (Spec Folder Blank Square Feet)
                    This is found in the Spec Folder for quotes and I-F-1 Totals Folder for invoicing.
                    
                    Order Entry and Invoice File will house the price per each.  The Invoice Form and Reprinting Post
                    ed AR Invoice Form will print the Sell Price per BSF in place of the Selling Price on O-B-1 Invoi
                    ce Folder or A/R Histry File.   Only EA and M will be Converted
                    
                    Sell Price per BSF = Items Sell Price /divided by Blank Square Feet.   
                    Sell Price per M = 
                    ((Sell Price Ea x Qty / (Qty/1000)  / Blank Square Ft)
                    
                    For Example: 
                    Sell Price of $1354.14 / 4.401 = $307.69 
                    Sell Price of $1.35414 x 5000 / (5000/1000) / 4.401 = $307.97
O-B-3-   04291002 E N-K INVPRINT = CSC-GA  (New Invoice Form)
                    See Attached - Copy Elite Form and Add Container Service Logo
                    Update order invoice and A/R Invoice.
                    Also update printing posted invoices.
                    
                    Please note, this invoice form has limitations.
                    Purchase order number and bill of lading number in header section is not recommended.   
                    If multiple orders with different PO are on same bill of lading, only 1 PO# will print on this in
                    voice form.  Likewise, if a customer wants their invoices consolidated by PO#, multiple bill of l
                    adings may have the same PO#, whereby only 1 BOL# will print on the Elite Invoice Form.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-B-3-   05050907 E N-K INVPRINT = CSCIN - Make changes to invoice.
                    1. Need to be able to print 3 tax codes.  It is only printing 2 of the 3 right now.  See attachme
                    nt.
                    
                    2. If shipped qty is equal to zero, Print the invoice qty in that field.
O-B-3-   05101102 E N-K INVPRINT = CSC-GA   Summarize by FG Item
                    N-K-1 InvPrint = CSC-GA invoice form will summarize by FG Item.
                    This will total the Invoice quantities for all identical finished goods items.
                    If multiple bill of ladinds are combined on a single invoice, the quantities will be summarized b
                    y finished goods item.
                    
                    However, if if an item has a different sell price on invoice line then this will repeat item on i
                    nvoice form showing the separate price.  Meaning, the FG item will be summarize the quantity by i
                    tem by sell price.  This modification is to summarize by Finished goods Item by Sell Price. 
                    For example.
                    Order 100100 for customer XYZ is shipped 1000 boxes at $1 each.
                    Order 100200 for customer XYZ is shipped 1000 boxes at $1 each.
                    Order 100300 for customer XYZ is shipped 1000 boxes at $1 each.
                    Order 100400 for customer XYZ is shipped 1000 boxes at $2 each.
                    Order 100500 for customer XYZ is shipped 1000 boxes at $2 each.
                    Order 100600 for customer XYZ is shipped 1000 boxes at $2 each.
                    
                    When this invoice is consolidated the invoice should show 
                    Qty shipped 3000,Qty Invoiced 3000 at $1 each with Total Price of $3,000 
                    Qty shipped 3000,Qty Invoiced 3000 at $2 each with Total Price of $6,000
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-B-3-   05101304 E Invoice Print to Attach Signed BOL when Emailing Posted Invoices
                    New Toggle box on Invoice Print Screen for Posted Invoices.
                    ____   Attach Signed BOL 
                    
                    When emailing this can be checked.
                    Please Note.
                    N-K-1 BOLSign 
                    Description houses the location of the signed bill of lading that was scanned and saved.
                    The signed BOL can now be emailed via O-Q-1.
                    Find Order 200031 (Closed)  Click Invoice Tab, Click BOL tab.
                    Icon at bottom right called Signed BOL.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 146

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    At this Logic to POSTED invoice also.
O-B-3-   05261009 E N-K INVPRINT = Carded (P:\asi10test\rco1010\images\Carded2.jpg)
                    (AH) John the new logo path is this just in case.
                    
                    P:\asi10test\rco1010\images\Carded2.jpg
                    -------------------------------------
                    
                    Customer needs new address on logo for Invoices ONLY (see attachment).  This should not take effe
                    ct until June 10, 2010.
                    
                    This is for both OE and AR invoice forms
                    
                    This will require a second logo from them.
                    
O-B-3-   05311202 E NK-INVPRINT=AllpkgX  Change remit to address bottom of invoice for
                    6/8/2012 - (John) Robert will call when ready for the new files.
                    Send files on 6/15/2012.
                    
                    
                    
                    Change remit to address at bottom of invoice form to:
                    
                    All Packaging Company, Inc.
                    PO Box 414287
                    Kansas City, MO  64141
                    
                    ALSO MAKE SURE THAT THE AU3 (AR Invoice) Format is changed the same.
O-B-3-   06051402 E N-K InvPrint = SouleMed
                    See Attachment for changes
                    1.  Get rid of the invoiced qty heading and the line above it and the invoice qty in the column
                    2.  In the footer change 20% to 15%
O-B-3-   06061306 E N-K InvPrint = SouleMed (Add Customer PO and Invoice Qty)
                    See Attachment
                    1.  Add Customer PO# to the column heading under the Customer Part#
                    2.  Add the Customer PO# from the Release Tab under the Customer Part#
                    3.  Add Invoiced to the column heading under the column heading Shipped
                    4.  Change the Order Quantity in that column to the Invoiced Quantity from the O-B-1 View Items  
                         folder.  Click View on that folder and you will see there is an Invoice Qty.
                    5.  Add lines to that column heading to seperate all the column heading in that quantity heading
                    
                    This must be changed for
                    O-B-1 Invoicing
                    A-U-1 Invoicing
                    Posted Invoices Also.
O-B-3-   06121410 E N-K InvPrint = SouleMed
                    See Attachment for changes.   
                    The only field that prints after the new changes are the Shipped Quantity.
                    However, this is the quantity of boxes.
                    The medical division packs 90 percent of their product in corrugated cases.
                    
                    When the Invoice Sell Price = CS,  then the Quantity Shipped will be divided by the Quantity per 
                    Unit.   The Unit Count on the BOL is the quantity packed per Case.
                    For example,
                    If  the Bill of Lading showed Shipped 14 Units with 12 Qty per Unit.
                    The Invoice Screen would show 144 Shipped, Case Count = 12  and $150 per Case.
                    
                    That is perfect.
                    The Invoice also currently prints 144 and  also show $150 per CS (Case).
                    This is confusing to their customes.
                    
                    MOD =  Print 12 in place of the 144.    Invoice will print 12 at $150.
                    
                    Please note, the Calculation of Extended Sell Price and Total Invoice Price WILL NOT CHANGE.   Th
                    at will continue to be Invoice Qty Divided by Case Count x Sell Price per Case.
                    ie.  144 / 12 X $150 = $180
O-B-3-   06211204 E N-K Invprint = Indiana (Invoice#)
                    On the Top Right of the Header they want to change Invoice#: 
                    Change to Invoice No:
O-B-3-   06251303 E N-K InvPrint = SoulePO  (Copy SouleMed to New Form)
                    New Form called SoulePO which will use Soule Packaging Logo
                    Copy SouleMed    
                    
                    Sort Line Items  by Customer PO# that are listed on the O-B-1 Items Tab.
O-B-3-   06271106 E N-K INVPRINT = TriLakes
                    Move the shipped Quantity left 1 character so there is a space between the Ship Quantity and Orde
                    r Number.  Ship quantity only needs to be 6 characters.  Customer realizes this could cause the P
                    O# and Shipped Quantities to run together.  That's OK per Bob Peter at Tri-Lakes.  See attached.
O-B-3-   06271406 E N-K Invprint = Bell    (Copy AllWest)
                    Create New Invoice called Bell.  (See Attached)
                    Copy AllWest invoice
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 147

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    1) Replace AllWest Logo with Bell Logo.
                    2) Remove All West address and Email Address at the bottom of the form.
O-B-3-   07011302 E N-K INVPRINT = CAPITOL (Copy ALLWEST)
                    1) Place logo on invoice.
                    2) Remove address, phone, fax and web address information at bottom of invoice.
                    3) Price (UOM) I talked to customer they will keep this.
                    
                    Note: See attached file for sample.
                    
                    Worked on 20130717 & 20130718
O-B-3-   07181303 E N-K INVPRINT = Protagon - Group by Customer PO
                    INVPRINT = Protagon
                    As part of task 02211307, the invoice lines where summarized based on  FG Item and Order.
                    This mod will add Customer PO# to this criteria so that the line items will have a unique FG Item
                    s, Order and Customer PO# combination.
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-B-3-   07231306 E N-K INVPRINT = CAPITOL (Copy ALLWEST)
                    1) Place logo on invoice.
                    2) Remove address, phone, fax and web address information at bottom of invoice.
                    3) Price (UOM) I talked to customer they will keep this.
                    
                    Note: See attached file for sample.
                    
                    Worked on 20130717 & 20130718
O-B-3-   07261108 E N-K INVPRINT = CSC-GASummary
                    N-K-1 InvPrint = CSC-GA    
                    N-K-1 InvPrint = CSC-GASummary
                    
                    Clients originall CSC-GA invioce form did not summarize.
                    We recently progammed tasks to changed this form to summarize by FG Item by sell price.
                    This works well but customer did not want to loose the originaly logic.
                    
                    Solution is two forms.
                    Create new N-K-1 InvPrint = CSC-GASumamry.
                    Copy newly changed CSC-GA invoice form with summary option to CSC-GASummary.
                    
                    Then Restore old CSC-GA form which will not summarize.
                    Old original invoice form will be N-K-1 InvPrint = CSC-GA.
                    This will not summarize.
                    
                    Clients wants two versions.
                    Helpdesk saves each version so lastest version will be CSC-GASummary.
                    Older / Original Version will be CSC-GA.
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-B-3-   07311203 E N-K Invprint = Hughes & Hughes2 (Both A-U-3 and O-B-3)
                    Add new Line# database field to both Hughes Invoice Forms.
                    Must change program printing via O-B-3 
                    Also, A-U-3 for posted Invoices.
O-B-3-   08011308 E Batch Email Invoices with Signed BOL without Printing Invoice (Shared
                    Batch Email will also attached Signed Bill of Lading if Signed BOL Exists - Logic Existed.
                    A-F-1 Customer Field = Paperless Invoice
                    O-B-1 Icon  Toggle Box = Ignore Paperless Setting
                    O-B-3 Toggle Box = Ignore Paperless Setting
                    Batch Emailing Invoices will only to Email Customers set to Paperless Invoice
                    Output Not Equal to Email - Will only Process Customer with Paperless Invoice UNCHECKED.
                    To Override Above Logic.
                    New O-B-3 and O-B-1 Icon Toggle Box =  Ignnore Paperless Setting
                    
                    New Database Field in A-F-1 Customer Field = Paperless Invoice   
                    The O-B-3 Email Toggle box will still email a single Invoice for any Customer.
                    i.e. Emailing Invoice (without Checked Batch Invoice) will not check A-F-1 Email Invoice Box.    
                    
                    
                    Invoice PRINTING Logic will also Change.
                    When Printing Invoices, Customers set to Paperless Invoice checked will not print to Paper.
                    When Printing Invoices, Customer NOT set to Paperless Invoice will Print to Paper.
                    The  printed Invoice will be Mailed via post office at cost of .48 cents per letter.
                    New O-B-3 Toggle Box "Ignore Paperless Setting"  - Ignores A-F-1 Paperless Invoice Logic 
                    Ignore Paperless Setting will allow Output for all customers regardless of Paperless Setting.
                    This allows Invoice Number to be Assigned and Reviewed on  the Screen..
                    
                    STEP 1.
                    Printing Invoices to Screen, thus saving paper.  (Check Ignore Paperless Setting)
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 148

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    STEP 2
                    Print Invoices,  Click Batch Emailing and Click Attach Signed BOL.
                    Only customers with Paperless Setting  __X__  checked will be emailed.
                    The ECODES program has the logic to select what contacts are emailed per customer.  
                    This logic will be enhanced to look at the new field.  This logic will also be enhanced to attach
                    ed the Signed BOL's for that invoice.
                    STEP 3 
                    Printing Invoices ONLY to Customer to Paper to Only customers that Require Mailed Invoice.
                    This will also print the Signed Bill of Lading 
O-B-3-   08011311 E Batch Emailing Invoices with Signed BOL without Printing Invoice (Shar
                    Customer wants to Print the all Invoices but DO NOT print invoices to customers that allow emaili
                    ng.   They just want to Email the Invoices with Signed Bill of Lading Attached.
                    New Customer Field:  EMail Invoice ___.  If UnChecked, the Invoice must be Printed on Paper and M
                    ailed via post Office.  If checked, the Invoice will not Print when Printing Invoices to the Prin
                    ter.  When BATCH emailing, only customers defined as EMAIL invoice will proces via the O-B-3 Prin
                    t Program.  Batch Emailing Invoices will save tons of paper and countless hours of time.  Many cu
                    stomers do not need or want a printed Invoice.
                    Premier prints the Invoice to the Screen so that an Invoice Number is Assigned.
                    STEP 1.
                    Printing Invoices will not send invoices to the printer for customers set as Email Invoice.
                    Only invoices for customers with Email Invioce ____ UNCHECKED will print on a printer.
                    STEP 2
                    Print Invoices,  Click Batch Emailing and Click Attach Signed BOL.
                    Only customers with Email Invoice __X__  checked will be emailed.
                    The ECODES program already has the logic to select what contacts are emailed per customer.
                    This logic will be enhanced to look at the new field.
                    This logic will also be enhanced to attached the Signed BOL's for that invoice.
                    Batch 2.
                    Printing Invoices ONLY to Customer to Paper to Only customers that Requird Mailed Invoice.
                    This will also print the Signed Bill of Lading if file is .JPG.  We cannot print .PDF with Xprint
                    .
O-B-3-   08011313 E Batch Email Invoices with Signed BOL without Printing Invoice (Shared
                    Batch Email will also attached Signed Bill of Lading if Signed BOL Exists - Logic Existed.
                    A-F-1 Customer Field = Paperless Invoice
                    O-B-1 Icon  Toggle Box = Ignore Paperless Setting
                    O-B-3 Toggle Box = Ignore Paperless Setting
                    Batch Emailing Invoices will only to Email Customers set to Paperless Invoice
                    Output Not Equal to Email - Will only Process Customer with Paperless Invoice UNCHECKED.
                    To Override Above Logic.
                    New O-B-3 and O-B-1 Icon Toggle Box =  Ignnore Paperless Setting
                    
                    New Database Field in A-F-1 Customer Field = Paperless Invoice   
                    The O-B-3 Email Toggle box will still email a single Invoice for any Customer.
                    i.e. Emailing Invoice (without Checked Batch Invoice) will not check A-F-1 Email Invoice Box.    
                    
                    
                    Invoice PRINTING Logic will also Change.
                    When Printing Invoices, Customers set to Paperless Invoice checked will not print to Paper.
                    When Printing Invoices, Customer NOT set to Paperless Invoice will Print to Paper.
                    The  printed Invoice will be Mailed via post office at cost of .48 cents per letter.
                    New O-B-3 Toggle Box "Ignore Paperless Setting"  - Ignores A-F-1 Paperless Invoice Logic 
                    Ignore Paperless Setting will allow Output for all customers regardless of Paperless Setting.
                    This allows Invoice Number to be Assigned and Reviewed on  the Screen..
                    
                    STEP 1.
                    Printing Invoices to Screen, thus saving paper.  (Check Ignore Paperless Setting)
                    STEP 2
                    Print Invoices,  Click Batch Emailing and Click Attach Signed BOL.
                    Only customers with Paperless Setting  __X__  checked will be emailed.
                    The ECODES program has the logic to select what contacts are emailed per customer.  
                    This logic will be enhanced to look at the new field.  This logic will also be enhanced to attach
                    ed the Signed BOL's for that invoice.
                    STEP 3 
                    Printing Invoices ONLY to Customer to Paper to Only customers that Require Mailed Invoice.
                    This will also print the Signed Bill of Lading 
O-B-3-   08011401 E N-K POPrint = Protagon
                    Add Currency code description field from the vendor file below the grand total on the purchase or
                    der for both Protagon and Protagon2 formats.
                    
                    See attachments for sample.
O-B-3-   08121314 E Batch Email Invoices For Customers Checked as Paperless Invoice
                    Batch Email will also attached Signed Bill of Lading if Signed BOL Exists - Logic Existed.
                    A-F-1 Customer Field = Paperless Invoice
                    O-B-1 Icon  Toggle Box = Ignore Paperless Setting
                    O-B-3 Toggle Box = Ignore Paperless Setting
                    Batch Emailing Invoices will only to Email Customers set to Paperless Invoice
                    Output Not Equal to Email - Will only Process Customer with Paperless Invoice UNCHECKED.
                    To Override Above Logic.
                    New O-B-3 and O-B-1 Icon Toggle Box =  Ignnore Paperless Setting
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 149

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    New Database Field in A-F-1 Customer Field = Paperless Invoice   
                    The O-B-3 Email Toggle box will still email a single Invoice for any Customer.
                    i.e. Emailing Invoice (without Checked Batch Invoice) will not check A-F-1 Email Invoice Box.    
                    
                    
                    Invoice PRINTING Logic will also Change.
                    When Printing Invoices, Customers set to Paperless Invoice checked will not print to Paper.
                    When Printing Invoices, Customer NOT set to Paperless Invoice will Print to Paper.
                    The  printed Invoice will be Mailed via post office at cost of .48 cents per letter.
                    New O-B-3 Toggle Box "Ignore Paperless Setting"  - Ignores A-F-1 Paperless Invoice Logic 
                    Ignore Paperless Setting will allow Output for all customers regardless of Paperless Setting.
                    This allows Invoice Number to be Assigned and Reviewed on  the Screen..
                    
                    STEP 1.
                    Printing Invoices to Screen, thus saving paper.  (Check Ignore Paperless Setting)
                    STEP 2
                    Print Invoices,  Click Batch Emailing and Click Attach Signed BOL.
                    Only customers with Paperless Setting  __X__  checked will be emailed.
                    The ECODES program has the logic to select what contacts are emailed per customer.  
                    This logic will be enhanced to look at the new field.  This logic will also be enhanced to attach
                    ed the Signed BOL's for that invoice.
                    STEP 3 
                    Printing Invoices ONLY to Customer to Paper to Only customers that Require Mailed Invoice.
                    This will also print the Signed Bill of Lading 
O-B-3-   08131202 E N-K INVPRINT = PremierS  (Copy PremierX and change Column Shipped)
                    see attachment.
                    New Invoice Form for UPS Sprint for both Order Invoice and Posted A/R Invoices.
                    N-K-1 InvPrint = PremierS    (ASI clients will see this so we dont want to name your customer)
                                            
                    1)  Copy PremierX invoice form and call it PremierS for Sprint
                       
                    2)  Change Column Shipped and rename to Invoiced
                    
                    3)  Change the data in this column to calculated as Invoice Qty divided by Case Count on the     
                          O-B-1 screeen.   This format will be 999.9999.    
                          The data on O-B-1 will show total boxes in each, 
                          i.e. the O-B-1 screen will not show number of pallets or cases.
                          This is a form change only.
                    
                    
                    
                    This modification does not include any change to the XML export of invoice data.
O-B-3-   08151205 E N-K BOLFMT = NSTOCK
                    N-K BolFmt = NStock
                    
                    Change PO# column to read PO# / Order#
                    The data under this column will print the PO# as the first line.
                    The data under this column will print the Order# as the second line.
O-B-3-   08291205 E N-K INVPRINT = Protagon (Copy LoylangBSF and re-name)
                    NOTE:  Protagon uses "Group by Date" or "Invoice per PO".
                    Copy INVPRINT = LoylangBSF with Protagon Logo (to be provided and to include address), remove "Pr
                    int Set Components" from Print Parameter screen and do not print them.  Also, make following mods
                    :
                     1) Replace "Customer Lot#" from the heading of column 1 with "BOL#" and print BOL#s below.
                     2) Add a column to the right of "CUST PO#, ORDER#, BOL# column" titled "Line".
                          In this column, print the Line# from the OU1 Order Item Detail screen (item folder).
                     3) Remove the word "QUANTITY" from the "QUANTITY SHIPPED, INVOICE, ORDERED"
                         and stack the 3 quantities (see attachment for further clarification).
                     4) Add a column headed "TAX" as the last column and print "Y" unless the ship-to for the item
                          is marked as "OTX" in the "Tax Code" field in the ship-to file.
                    5) At the top of the invoice, Print the actual invoice# beside "INVOICE#" and do not enclose
                         the word "DATE" or the date that prints.  (The invoice# and the Date should print in the
                         same "box").   Add a colon after the word "Date" and move left.  Also, print the month in
                         alpha characters and reduce the size of the Invoice and Date "box" (see attachment).
                     6) Add paging info at the top, above the Invoice #/Date: box.  For example, "PAGE 1 OF 1".
                     7) At the bottom of the form, below the "Tot Inv" amount, print either CANADIAN FUNDS or
                         US FUNDS to be pulled from the Currency field of the Customer file.  Print this in Red.
                     8) At the bottom, reverse "Freight:" and Sals Tx:".
                     9) Remove what prints to the left of the "Sub Tot:, Freight:, sals Tx:, Tot Inv: field and Print
                     box
                          with a hard copy message (not yet determined).
                    10) After the last item on the invoice, print Pen Notes entered in OB1 for Department "IN".
                    11) Need field labelled "Attention:" below the "Bill To:" information with whatever is in the
                           contact field in the customer file printed beside it.  Additionally, add this field to the
                     OB1
                           "View Invoice" screen and allow the field to be up-dated so the new contact info will prin
                    t
                           on the invoice.
                    12) Move "Bill To" and "Ship To" info ups as far as possible to eliminate wasted space.
                    13) At the very bottom, do not print "ORIGINAL INVOICE" or the "Remit To" information.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 150

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    14) Remove the Header "BOL" box and enlarge the "Terms" box.
                    15) The FOB and ShipVia should pull from the customer file.
                    
                    Additional notes added by David - see attachments for images:
                    a )For invoicing of unassembled sets only print the set "header" with the dollar value attached o
                    n the invoice(s).   No components
                    b) Change Sales Person to Salesperson (one word)
                    c) No abbreviations in the titles of the totals at the bottom right (see attached)
                    d) Add the invoice title logic (Item #4 on the Protagon2 mod) to this invoice format as well
O-B-3-   09031303 E N-K INVPRINT = Protagon
                    Copy INVPRINT = Protagon
                    
                    Invoice Date on Invoice shows 8/30/2013.
                    However, 
                    The printed Invoice prints todays date of Sept 3, 2013.
O-B-3-   09051203 E N-K INVPRINT = Protagon2 (Copy Protagon, rename, and modify)
                    SEE UP-DATED ATTACHMENTS DATED 12/5/12.
                    CANNOT BE DONE UNTIL NEW "PROTAGON" INVOICE IS CREATED - TASK 08291205.
                      1) Copy Protagon Invoice and re-name "Protagon2".
                      2) For each Ship-To print the Ship-To Notes 1x.
                      3) Beneath the Ship-To Notes, the system needs to print the TOTAL of each FG (Do not
                           include components) shipped to that Ship-To as the Quantity invoiced.  On the attachment,
                           where the word "DISPLAYS" is printed, it should list each FG name for that Ship-To and,   
                         below  the list of FGs for that Ship-To, print all Misc. Charges entered in OB1 for that Shi
                    p-      To.
                      4) The 1st thing that should print in "Description" area should be OB1 Pen Notes for Dept "IT".
                    
                      5) Remove "Freight:" from the Totals box at the bottom (this will be an OB1 Misc Charge).
                      6) The "Sals Tx:" at the bottom should be the Grand Total of all Ship-To Tax Subtotals.
                      7) Combine the "FOB" and "Ship Via and rename BOL #s.
                           The BOL#s field should list all BOL's on the invoice (2 lines).
                      8) Change "CUST PO#/ORDER#/BOL#" to "QUANTITY INVOICED".
                      9) Remove columns "LINE" & "INVOICED/SHIPPED/ORDERED" - expand "DESCRIPTION".
                    10) Change "CUSTOMER PART #/DESCRIPTION" to be "DESCRIPTION".
                    11) Change "PRICE UOM" to "PRICE EACH".
                    12) Replace "Ship Date" with "P.O. NUMBER" - Use PO# for 1st FG on Invoice. 
                    
                    Additional changes from David (see attachments)
                    a)Change "Sales Person" to "Salesperson" (one word)
                    b) No abbreviations in the labels for the totals in the bottom right (see attached)
                    c) Change the tax column and steal any space required to increase width of column to accommodate 
                    the printing of the order number next to the appropriate lines.
                    
                    
O-B-3-   09061101 E N-K INVPRINT = PeachTree & N-K INVPRINT = peachtreefgl3
                    N-K-1 Invprint = Peachtree & PeachtreeFGL3
                    Change column heading to Shipped/Invoiced so this is a two line heading with Shipped printed on t
                    op of Invoiced.   Ship quantity will print on top line.   
                    Invoice quantity will print under this field however only 1 of the two will print.    
                    This new logic must work if invoice form is defined on View Control or View Form by Cusotmer fold
                    ers.
                    
                    Currentlly, only the shipped quantity prints regardless of invoice quantity.
                    If shipped quantity = invoice quantity on invoice, then ONLY print Shipped Quantity.
                    This occurs when release is B for bill and ship.
                    
                    If Ship Quantity is greater than zero and Invoice Quantity = zero.  ONLY print Ship Quantity.
                    This occurs when release is S for Ship Only.
                    
                    If Ship Quantity is ZERO and Invoice Quantity is greater than zero, ONLY print Invoice Quantity.
                    This occurs when release is I for Invoice Only.
                    
                    If Ship Quantity does not equal Invoice Quantity and both are greater than Zero, then print ONLY 
                    Invoice Quantity.     This is when they ship over the overrun but only invoice the allowable over
                    run.  For example, order quantity is 1000, they ship 1200 and invoice 1100.
                    Only the 1100 will print.
O-B-3-   09221004 E N-K INVPRINT = CSC-GA
                    Customer needs his CSC-GA invoice form to be able to export like his ContSrvc form can (see attac
                    hment). 
O-B-3-   09271003 E N-K INVPRINT = KEYSTONE   (Copy Xprint)
                    Copy N-K-1 InvPrint = Xprint and Rename new form as KEYSTONE.
                    Print (USD) to on Column Labels in 3 places on invoice.  See Attached Handwritten notes.
                    Print USD on Price, Amount, and Grand Total (see attachment).  
                    Add Keystone Logo at the Top of the Form.
                    
                    
                    John Loeb will add LOGO to Attachment.
O-B-3-   09271206 E N-K InvPrint = Printers   (Copy Soule and make changes per Attached
                    Copy Soule Inv Form, rename "Printers", and include the attached Mods
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 151

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    1. New Logo
                    2. Body to have just one column heading, not two lines.
O-B-3-   09291405 E N-K INVPRINT = Protagon  (Change Font to fix 9,999,999.00 Sell Price
                    INVPRINT = Protagon & Protagon 2
                    
                    Extend Price and Total Price to allow for 9,999,999.99
                    Reduce the font one size within the entire "body" of the invoice, leaving the font for the header
                     and footer untouched.
                    Assure alignment within each column with new smaller font.
                    
                    No columns should be reduced in width.
                    
O-B-3-   10101401 E N-K INVPRINT = AXIS (Laser Invoice)
                    Copy N-K-1 InvPrint = PremierX    
                    Make new Invoice form = NK1 InvPrint  = Axix
                    (See Attached Excel Sampe of Fields vs PremierX)
                    Change Font Size to Match NK1 Invprint = Protagon
                    
                    Top of Form
                    1) Add Page 1 of 99
                    2)  Replace Premier Logo with Axis Logo
                    
                    Middle of Form.
                    1) Change Salesman Name to Rep.
                        This will only print the Sales Rep Code.  Such as JRH or 001.
                    
                    Body of Form
                    1)  Change Label Heading Onlly  from Our Order# to               Axix Order#
                    2)  Change Label Heading Onlly  from FG Item#  to                  Axix Item #
                    3)  Add new Qty Ordered Column
                          Reduce Item Description as needed. 
                    4)  Add UOM Column between Unit Price and Total Amount
                         This is currently under the Sell Price.
                    
O-B-3-   10281103 E N-K InvPrint = TriLakesBroker  (Copy TriLakes)
                    New N-K-1 InvPrint  View Form = TriLakesBroker   See Attached:  Order 203638 Release 
                    Copy N-K-1 Invprint View Control = TriLakes.   
                    Replace the Existing PO# with the Customer Lot# field from the Release Folder.    
                    TriLakes will place TriLakesBroker on the N-K-1 InvPrint View Form for that Customer.
                    
                    Explanation for the Modification Follows:
                    TriLakes is the Box manufacturer.
                    They have sales reps known as Box Brokers that have their own Company.
                    The Box Broker sells boxes to End Users Such as IBM CORP, AT&T, etc.
                    The Box Broker does not manufacture boxes.
                    The Box Brokers issues a Blank PO# to TriLakes to Manufacture Boxes for the end user.
                    The Box Brokers Blank PO# is added on the View Order Folder, for example PO# 5000.
                    The End Users PO is added to the  Line Item and Release PO#.
                    The Box Broker sends a new PO# for each delivery to the end user.
                    The End User may also send a new PO# for each delivery.
                    Therefore,
                    The release PO# will always be for the End user.
                    The Customer Lot# will house the Box Brokers PO# for each delivery.
                         For example delivery 1 for 1st release may be PO# 5000-01
                         For example delivery 1 for 1st release may be PO# 5000-01
                    The Release PO# always transfers to BOL and Invoice.
                    The new Tri LakesBroker Invoice will  print the Customer Lot#
O-B-3-   10301309 E N-K INVPrint=ASIXprnt - Change headings of invoice form
                    Only print the following headings:   See attachment for sample
                    
                    Salesman = Salesman Name (sman.sname) 20 characters
                    Ship Via - Keep the same but (30) characters
                    Terms = terms.dscr (30 characters)
                    
                      (delete ship date, FOB,Pallets/Bags,BOL)
O-B-3-   10311209 E N-K BOLFMT = NSTOCK
                    N-K BolFmt = NStock 
                    See Attached.
                    Print the O-S-1 Field called TOTAL Pallets instead of calculating the Total Pallets.
                    ASI Bill of Lading 6215 has 5 finished goods items from two differnent orders.
                    I changed the number of units to 1 for each item.
                    The system correctly calculates this as 5 units = 5 pallets.
                    
                    However, the UPDATE button in the middle of the screen allows the user to change the TOTAL NUMBER
                     of PALLETS to 1.
                    
                    The bill of lading still prints 5 units.
                    Change the Field to print Total Pallets in place of the Total Units.
                    
                    Also, 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 152

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Dock# and Dock Time are printing in reverse order.
                    Please reverse.
                    
                    
O-B-3-   11121307 E Batch Emailing Invoices with Signed BOL without Printing Invoice (Shar
                    New Customer Field:  EMail Invoice ___    When Checked, Invoices will not Print.
                    New O-B-3 Toggle Box Print Email Only Invoices  ___   When Checked, this Overrides the A-F-1 Emai
                    l Invoice Box.     This allows printing Invoices that are email only. 
                    
                    When A-F-1 Email Invoice is NOT CHECKED, the Invoice must be Printed on Paper and Mailed via post
                     Office.
                    If checked, the Invoice will not Print when Printing Invoices to the Printer.
                    When BATCH emailing, only customers defined as EMAIL invoice will proces via the O-B-3 Print Prog
                    ram.  
                    Batch Emailing Invoices will save tons of paper and countless hours of time.
                    Many customers do not need or want a printed Invoice.
                    Premier prints the Invoice to the Screen so that an Invoice Number is Assigned.
                    
                    STEP 1.
                    Printing Invoices will not send invoices to the printer for customers set as Email Invoice.
                    Only invoices for customers with Email Invioce ____ UNCHECKED will print on a printer.
                    
                    STEP 2
                    Print Invoices,  Click Batch Emailing and Click Attach Signed BOL.
                    Only customers with Email Invoice __X__  checked will be emailed.
                    The ECODES program already has the logic to select what contacts are emailed per customer.
                    This logic will be enhanced to look at the new field.
                    This logic will also be enhanced to attached the Signed BOL's for that invoice.
                    
                    Batch 2.
                    Printing Invoices ONLY to Customer to Paper to Only customers that Requird Mailed Invoice.
                    This will also print the Signed Bill of Lading 
O-B-3-   11151001 E N-K InvPrint = Soule    New Invoice Form (Copy Loylange)
                    Copy Loylang Inv Form, rename "Soule", and include the following mods (see attachments):
                    1. Use attached logo.
                    2. Add "ORDER #:          " in top, right corner under "CUSTOMER ID:         ".
                    3. Add "PURCHASE ORDER #               " under new "ORDER#" field.  (Pull from OU1 Release).
                    4. Replace "CUSTOMER PART# with "FINISHED GOOD #" in 2nd column.
                    5. In the "QUANTITY" column, remove "ORDERED".
                    6. In "QUANTITY" column, replace "INVOICED" with "BACKORDERED".
                    7. Add "*Soule accepts Visa, Mastercard, and American Express" at the bottom.
                    8. Replace "This is your invoice......" box at bottom with
                        "There is a 20% re-stocking fee on all returns."
O-B-3-   11151002 E N-K InvPrint = SouleMed (Copy form created in task 11151001)
                    Copy new SOULE Invoice created on task 11151001, name SouleMed, and use attached logo.
O-B-3-   11211107 E N-K INVPRINT = PremierX
                    Add email address from customer's file to print under the Bill To address on the invoice - see at
                    tached.
O-B-3-   11211305 E N-K INVPRINT = Protagon2
                    N-K-1 Inprint = Protagon2
                    Add HST # as shown in attached file. 
                    
O-B-3-   11211306 E N-K INVPRINT = Protagon
                    N-K-1 Inprint = Protagon
                    
                    Add HST # as shown in attached file. 
O-B-3-   12031202 E N-K INVPRINT = Badger and Badger-Emailed
                    N-K-1 InvPrint = Badger
                    N-K-1 InvPrint = Badger-Emailed
                    
                    Add new column called Weight to Invoice Lines.
                    This will pull the weight from the all bill of lading lines for that finished goods item.
                    There may be many loadtags on a BOL for one item.
                    The total of all BOL lines for that item and PO# will print on the invoice.
                    
                    Please note, a BOL may have multiple Purchase Orders.
                    The customer flag may be set to print Invoice per PO.
                    Therefore, this will create two invoices.
                    The weight for each invoice line will be the total of all BOL lines for that BOL and that PO#.
O-B-3-   12031404 E N-K InvPrint = Boss   (Copy Xprint)
                    See Attached.   Copy N-K-1 InvPrint = Xprint. Create New Forms for O-B-3 & AU3 Invoice ?	Add Boss
                     Logo
                    Remove space after street address
                    Remove ?Email?
                    Remove Customer ID, Contact, Telephone, Fax, Customer PO boxes.
                    Remove FOB, Ship Via, Pallets, BOL# boxes
                    Add Column ? Shipped/Invoiced
                    Add Column ? Order #/P.O. #
                    
                    TOP LEFT
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 153

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       1.  Add Boss Logo and remove the word Boss Litho
                       2.  Address will pull from Customer X Status    
                            No space after the street address
                       3.  Remove "Email:"
                    HEADER SECTION /TOP RIGHT
                       4. Remove Page numbering
                       5. Put Invoice # where Customer ID is.
                       6. Put Invoice Date where Contact is.
                       7. Remove the Telephone, Fax, Customer P.O. & Invoice Date boxes.
                    BODY / MIDDLE
                      8.  In place of FOB, use Order #.
                      9.  Keep Ship Via and Carrier
                    10.  Remove Pallets & Bol #.
                    11.  Remove Order # from second line.
                    12.  Make Order#/PO#  1 Column to Print Data on 2 Lines.
                            Order#
                            PO#  which will be the PO# listed on the O-B-1 Items Tab that imported from BOL PO#.
O-B-3-   12041303 E N-K INVPRINT = Central (Copy Knight1).
                    N-K INVPRINT = Central    (Copy Knight1).
                    
                    1) Add logo image (Logo attached to task)
                    2) Bill to: left side. (From the customer file A-F-1)
                    3) Add salesman Name (From the Order Entry File (O-U-1 Items Tab)
                    4) Billing notes from order processing (O-U-1 - Bill notes) Bill notes for one invoice.
                    5) Add "Thank You" on left side bottom.
O-B-3-   12170908 E N-K INVPRINT = LoylangJIT  (Copy LoyLang Invoice Form)
                    1) Change Hold button to Approve if status is Hold.   
                    2) Change to Hold if invoice status is Released.
                    3) Copy LoyLange Invoice and call new form LoyLangeJIT
                    4) New Logic for Hold/Approve Button for customers with Invoice by GROUP BY DATE.
                         New Prompts when Approving a HOLD order.
                    Approve Invoices for this Customer
                         ___ This Invoice Only
                         ___  All Invoices for This Finished Good Item
                         ___  All Invoices for This Customer.
                    5)  Add F1 Lookup on N-K-1 InvPrint View Control Character Value for LoyLangeJit
                    6)  Add F1 Lookup on N-K-1 InvPrint View Form Character Value for LoyLangeJit
                    7)  When Invoice is printed via O-B-3 or O-B-1 Print Icon, this will print from View Form if defi
                    ned.
                    8)   LoyLangeJIT invoice form will summarize by FG Item for approved Invoices.
                          This will total the Invoice quantities for all the approved invoices.
                           Under the FG item all the Bill of Ladings Numbers and Dates will print under Description.
                          BOL:  12345   Ship Date:  12/05/2009         Quantity will print under Qty SHipped Field
                          BOL:  12355   Ship Date:  12/08/2009         Quantity will print under Qty SHipped Field   
                       
                          BOL:  12365   Ship Date:  12/15/2009         Quantity will print under Qty SHipped Field
                    Please note, the PRINT INVOICE logic already combines all invoices onto one invoice so this logic
                     is done.
                    9)  Print Order Quantity under SHip Quantity.   Change Label Ordered / Shipped  (all forms)
                    10)  Reprint Posted Invoice adds Freight  See Attached.
O-B-3-AU 12081001 E N-K INVPRINT = PEACHTREELOT (Copy  and modify CCCFGLOT)
                    Copy CCCFGLOT with the following modifications (see attachment):
                    1) Use Peachtree Logo.
                    2) Do not print customer codes in the "Bill To" and "Ship To".
                    3) Do not print box at bottom with Finance Charge..... notes.
O-B-3-AU 12081002 E N-K INVPRINT = PEACHTREEFGL3 (Copy  and modify CCCFGL3)
                    Copy CCCFGL3 with the following modifications (see attachment):
                    1) Use Peachtree Logo.
                    2) Do not print customer codes in the "Bill To" and "Ship To".
                    3) Make "Cust Part#/Item#" column larger and "Description/Lot#" column smaller.
                    4) Do not print box at bottom with Finance Charge..... notes.
                    5) Add radio set to parameter screen to choose to print Item Name or Customer P/N.
                    
                    
                    For Brokers, the View Form folder should be defined with for each customer's and/or shipt for eac
                    h broker.   The character value = XPRINT which prints the SOLDTO in place of the Logo.  No progra
                    mming will be done for this modification as this logic already exists.
O-B-4-   02031205 E Post New Full Cost Field to AR History  ($50 per Hour)
                    Tested with FG Item RSC7x7x7
                    Invoice 6377 will have the Full Cost
                    Invoice 6374 Full Cost = 0.  Programming was done after Feb 1, when this was posted.
                    
                    Post Invoices will Post new FULL COST field from the Finished Goods History folder to the A/R His
                    tory folder.   The existing costs will not be changed and will continue to post as they do.
                    This new field will simply be an EXTRA cost field in the AR History file.
                    
                    
                    The Full cost field will later be used for commission reporting.
                    Reprint Invoice 6374 via A-U-3 with Posted and Reprint
O-B-4-   04131108 E Goodman Invoice change export program. (PO 26525)
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 154

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    We have two Miscellaneous invoice surcharges for Goodman. 
                    One is called "Fuel Surcharge" and the other is called "Freight". 
                    Currently in the export, both surcharges are combined into one field. 
                    Now we need them separated - the "Fuel Surcharge" goes to the same field as currently (column V) 
                    and the "Freight" surcharge will go to the Freight field (column U). 
                    See attached document for field parameters. 
                    The other change will be to the description of the "Other  Charges" (column W) - it will need to 
                    read: Fuel Surcharge. 
O-B-4-   05291402 E cXML Processing  - Order Entry, ASN, & Invoicing
                    NOTE: This mod includes the previously quoted mod for the Invoice piece only (#12131306).
                    This mod will enable receipt of orders through cXML and transmission of cXML Advance Ship Notices
                     (ASN) and cXML Invoices.  Specs on required cXML formats are attached.
                    ASN & Invoice:
                    cXML Invoice generation is triggered by Premier user.  A new interface will be created that allow
                    s specifying a date range of invoices for a given customer. 
                    ASN piece would also be triggered by Premier user when the user prints a BOL (first time only, no
                    t reprint).  This would only execute special cXML handling if the customer is activated in an NK1
                     (cXMLASN. - View Form per customer)
                     - In both cases, this would generate a cXML file with a file name that indicates customer, data 
                    type and run date. 
                     - The cXML data that would then be pushed/transmitted to customer based on instructions stored i
                    n an NK1 for each customer. (cXMLASN & cXMLInvoice)
                     - There would be a log kept of transmissions.
                    Order Import piece:
                     - Assumption:  This is for stock item orders only.  No jobs will be automatically created.
                     - Receipt of the cXML would be a push from customer (Ariba) to an ASI/Premier web-service.  This
                     push would trigger the import process without any user interaction. 
                     - Similar to OEImport, orders come in to the system into O-W for approval.  
                     - The information in the cXML for the order should override any pricing in the system.  This wou
                    ld only apply to the individual order and should not affect the price matrix.
                     - ShipTo information needs to be added dynamically if the shipto ID provided is not already a va
                    lid ASI shipto.  If the shipto ID already exists in ASI, the new address information should be up
                    dated.
                     - Scheduled release would be created with the appropriate shipto ID.
                     - Change & cancellation orders would not affect ASI directly.  These will be handled by generati
                    ng an email detailing the change/cancellation.
O-B-4-   06131203 E Add Cost & Profit% from Invoice Line to Report next to Sell Price
                    See Attached.
                    Add new Cost Column to INVOICE Register / Posting Report. (before price)
                    Add new Profit# Column to Invoice Register / Posting Report. (after Tons)
                    
                    Profit% is calculated
                    as Sell Value minus Total Cost Value divided by Sell Value.
                    For example.
                    IF cost were $100 per M and Sell Price were $25 per Case.
                    If we sold 5000 boxes packed 200 per case.
                    The Total cost is 5000/1000 x $100 = $500 
                    The Total Selling Value =  5000/200 x $25 = $625
                    Thus Proit % is  $625 - $500 / $625 = .20 
                    
                    If this is NEGATIVE, print in RED.
                    
                    Please note, the Extended  Price (Sales Value) is on the Invoice Item Screen.
                    The cost must be calculated based on either a cost EACH or cost per M.
                    If Cost = EA then Invoice quantity x EA = Totat Cost.
                    If Cost = M then Invoice quantity/1000 x Cost/M =  Total Cost
                    
O-B-4-   09061203 E INVOICE PRINT ICON
                    PRINT ICON
                    New Toggle Box,        Email as Original?
                    This will Remove "[REPRINT]" from the subject line of the e-mail - see attached.
                    
                    Program uses the Status of the Invoice to Determine the Title Line.
                    The invioce status was printed this the title is accurate.
                    When printing an Email the Toggle Box REPRINT is automatically checked based on this status.  Thi
                    s cannot be changed
                    
                    PRINT ICON
                    New Toggle Box,        Email as Original?
                    This will default to UNChecked = NO when REPRINT Box is set to YES.
                    Therefore, the title will show REPRINT on the email.
                    
                    When this REPRINT box is Checked.
                    The user can manually Check the new Toggle Box "Email at Original?  = YES>
                    The program will tehn remove the word [REPRINT] from the email title.
                    The reason for this logic is so invoice can be printed and checked for errors.
                    Then once approved, they will email to customer as orignal.
O-B-4-   10061401 E cXML Processing  - Lookup Shipto tax code based on state
                    When ShipTos are automatically created, they are importing the tax code from the default shipTo (
                    this is the Shipto with the same ID as the Customer Number - DSG for instance).
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 155

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    This mod will add an additional lookup to the tax code table to attempt to find a match of the Sh
                    ipto State.
                    If a Tax Group is found that matches the State code, that will be used as the Tax Code on the new
                     shipTo.  Otherwise, the Tax Code will use the default as it does today (Note:  if Premier wants 
                    this to fall back to INT, that is what should be used on the default ShipTo).
                    
                    Change to above:
                    Instead of using the STATE Abbreviation as the tax code, the system will look for an existing shi
                    pto from the same state and use the tax code specified on that shipto.
O-B-4-   10211409 E cXML Processing  - cXMLASN Integer Val = 1 - generate on reprint only
                    If integer value of cXMLASN is 1, generate the ASN cXML.  Integer value 0 will still process on f
                    irst print only.
                    
                    NOTE: The integer value must be set at the VIEW FORM level (customer specific) in the NK1.
O-F-3-   04091201 E Make the Item No column wider while in the Browse screen.
                    Expand  the "Item No" column wider while in the O-F-3 Browse screen?  
                    We can't see what the FG# is when scrolling thru without clicking on each one and going into View
                    .
                    
                    See example on attached file.
O-F-3-   04131203 E Resize Price Matrix
                    Each User will be able to select window methodl
                    Existing size of window or Resizing Option decide on a per module basis whether to allow it to au
                    to maximize or not, and it will also allow them to change their minds and turn it back off.
                    
                    See Attached
O-F-3-   10301313 E New Excel Icon on OF3 to Import Excel in .XLS Work Book Format
                    New Excel Icon on BROWSER call IMPORT.
                    This will IMPORT similar to O-F-7 logic for the IMPORT Button on OF7.
                    This will Import fields from Attached Excel Format.
                    The IMPORT options will be as follows:
                    From Effective Date       99/99/99                               To Effective Date       99/99/99
                      
                    From Customer Code    XXXXXXXX                          To Customer Code    XXXXXXXX  
                    From Customer Type     XXXXXXXX                         To Customer Type     XXXXXXXX  
                    From F.G. Item Code      XXXXXXXX XXXXXXX      To Customer Code    XXXXXXXX XXXXXXX  
                    
                    For each Line on the Excel File, a separate View TAB screen will be created in O-F-3.
                    All Price Levels will import.
                    Level 1, Qty Price Level 1,  
                    
                    This will be an IMPORT Option.
                    The Import will use the Exact same File Layout as the Excel Output that you created on task 10301
                    312
                    
                    The customer is going to do the following process.
                    1) Premier Pkg Box Plant will export all records to Excel.
                    2)  Premier Pkg Box Plant will update pricing on the Excel File.
                    3) Premier Pkg Box Plant DELETE all Price Matrixes from OF3.
                    4) Premier Pkg Box Plant will IMPORT excel file to OF3 Price Matrix.
                    
O-F-3-   10301314 E DELETE Button expanded to purge multiple records
                    Expand DELETE button to allow multiple records.
                    
                    From Effective Date       99/99/99                               To Effective Date       99/99/99
                      
                    From Customer Code    XXXXXXXX                          To Customer Code    XXXXXXXX  
                    From Customer Type     XXXXXXXX                         To Customer Type     XXXXXXXX  
                    From F.G. Item Code      XXXXXXXX XXXXXXX      To Customer Code    XXXXXXXX XXXXXXX  
                    
                    
                    Must also have Program Master Security for Delete Button.
                    Security added for "oe-prmtx."  - Delete user list.
O-F-4-   04081303 E New Toggle Box = Copy & Update New Price Matrix Only
                    This new logic would allow the prices to be updated weeks in advance of the effective price chang
                    e.   New Toggle Box =  Copy & Update New Matrix Only  
                    When Checked on O-F-4 Global Price Increase
                    Price Matrixes will be updated based on Effective Date.
                    Only Matrixes within the Print Selection Range including the Effective Date Range
                    
                    1)  Will copy the existing Price Matrix for the Selected Range.
                    2)  Place the New Effective date on the Copied files. 
                    3)  Change the Price on the New Price Matrix that Matches the New Effective Date
                    4)  Existing Price Matrix WILL NOT Not Be Changed.
                    
                    This would allow us to keep existing pricing in place until the effective date has arrived.  Exam
                    ple: So if I sell a stock box 10x10x10 to customer IBM1000 for $100/M and they will incur a 10 % 
                    price increase their new price would be $111.12/M based on increase on price.  
                    Please note,  calculation calculates true profit, thus divides $100 by .90.  THIS IS A BUG.
                    The Increase % Works by multiplies Price by 1 + Profit/100.  
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 156

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    ie.  10% increase multiplies by 1.1   This works perfectly  
                    Copy & Only Update New Matrix?
                    New Effective Date is MANDATORY when Checking Copy & Only Update New Matrix?
                    
O-F-4-   04081304 E util/DeleteOF4Prices.r      (Shared Cost)
                    Utility to delete Duplicate Price Matrix from O-F-4.
                    The matrix with the oldest effective date will be deleted.
                    Utility will First make Backup of Entire Price Matrix to Disk.
                    This will be used to Restore Data in case of Mistakes or Bugs.
                    
                    Please note, for a finished goods item there may be unlimted matrixes by effective date for each 
                    of the following examples..
                    1) Customer Code, Customer Type and FG Item Code.
                    2) Customer Type and FG Item Code.
                    3) FG Item Code
                    4) FG Category
                    
                    Utility will Prompt for 
                    From Customer  ___________       To  Customer             ____________
                    From Customer Type_______      To Customer Type  ____________
                    From FG Item     ___________       To  FG Item     _____________
                    From FG Category __________   To FG Category ____________
                    
                    Utility must find each FG item for Selection Ranges 1 to 4 above that matches and compare that Id
                    entical Matrixes exist with multiple effective dates.
                    Then Delete Matrix with the Oldest Effective Date.   At least one Matrix will remain.
O-F-4-   07251302 E Global Price New Toggle Box " Round to 4 Decimals ?
                    Currently, Global Price Increase has Option to Round to the Penny. 
                    Price of box is $ 2.0034 cents each.
                    Price increase it?s going to get rounded up to the penny with two Decimal Positions.
                    But we would rather leave it at 4 decimal places. 
                    It would be nice if the software would keep the same price format of the original price instead o
                    f rounding to the penny.  
                    
                    Net Result, 
                    Price of $2.0034 box with Global Price Increase of 6%.
                    2.0034 box x 1.06 (6% increase)   (Toggle Box =  Price Increase)
                    Would now read 2.1236 instead of the $2.13.
                    
                    
                    Mod is New Toggle Box
                    Round to 2 decimals __    4 Decimals  ___
                    User will check either 2 or 4.
O-F-5-   12221001 E N-K OrderXfer  Intercompany Processing of Orders
                    Existing Menu O-F-5 Task#'s 09220507 & 08040516 which copies Order from Company 1 to 2.
                    This menu was for stock items.   This must be modified for orders with jobs. 
                    1) Save Menu Parameters for the Copy Company to Company Program 
                    2) Next sequential Order Number for Copy To company must be imported.   (This now copies)
                    3) If customer does not exist, Util/CopyCust.r must be invoked to copy customer.
                         Bill to, Sold to and Ship To and other  data will also be transferred.  
                    4)  New Order for COPY TO company must search for estimate from TO COMPANY.
                          This must search company for estimate by Finished Goods Item Code & Customer Part#. 
                    5)  If estimate does not exist, program must copy Estimate (Util/CopyEst.r)
                          New estimate must Rebuild machine routing from New Company
                    5)  This will CLOSE the original order of the FROM Company.
                    New N-K-1 OrderXfer  may be need to list valid intercompany processing.  
                    Character Value will list the companies that will have synchonized customer data.
                    The F1 on the character value will only allow companies from the G-F-1 Company File.  Each Compan
                    y will be separated by a comma.
                    
                    Step 1 Company 001 Plant quotes Assembled Partiton Set and stores costs.  
                                 Company 002 Plant will be Vendor for 001 Plant and vice versa.  
                    Step 2 ABC Customer places Order for Company 001.  
                    Step 3 Company 001 transfers Order (O-f-5) to 002 Company 
                    Steo 4  System closes order for PA Plant.  
                    Step 5 System searches for existing estimates for customer Part# of Set.
                                  List of estimates is displayed for customer Service Rep to select.
                    Selected Estimate is used to create the new order on the other company.
                    If estimate does not exist, system copies 001 estimate information to 002 company and rebuilds ma
                    chine routing.  System Adds order on new Company with new Estimate.
O-F-7-   11071205 E EXPORT option to Excel
                    New Print ICON to Export to Excel.
                    Copy Icon from O-Q-1
                    Dump all fields in the Table Displayed on the Screen.
                    Owner requires export data from O-F-7 table in excel format
                    All Fields from the VIEW  COSTS tab including LOCK BASE COST will be exported.
                    
                    Export Selection Parameters will be the following
                    From Customer    __________      To Customer     __________   
                    From Sales Rep  __________      To Sales Rep   __________   
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 157

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    From Item Code   __________      To Item Code    __________    
                    
                    Similar to O-Z-5.   
                    Mod must be delievered and working by 12/1/2012. 
                    
                    
                    
                    Premier to Same Fields and Order of Fields to Print.
O-F-7-   11211201 E Import Excel Option - Add all % fields to import
                    The Import Excel button on OF7 currently imports the following fields:
                    Column  Field
                    A              Customer Number
                    B              Item Number
                    C              Set Sale Price
                    D              Base Cost
                    
                    Add the following fields to the import:
                    Column  Field
                    E              Set Sale Price UOM
                    F              Base Cost UOM
                    G             Rebate %
                    H             Fixed Gross Profit %
                    I               Overhead %
                    J              Misc %
                    K              Freight %
                    L              Industrial %
                    M             Warehouse %
                    N             Commission %
                    
                    Note:  If columns E-N are empty, disregard, the blank values and don't overwrite existing data (i
                    .e. do not break existing import functionality).
                    
                    Also, add an "Export in import format?" option to the export utility to that the columns are in s
                    ame order as above
O-F-8-   04151301 E N-K OEImport  - Automatically apply appropriate Sales Price and UOM
                    Orders will Import to the O-W menu which is an order status of W.
                    The OE Import file currently has sale price as an import item. 
                    Premier would like for this price to be determined using the same process as when entering this t
                    hrough Advantzware.  
                    The price should come from the price matrix for stock box items or the quote for custom boxes.  T
                    his would be the same logic that exists when adding an order through the user interface via O-U-1
                     Add Button.  
                    When importing orders, if the price and/or price UOM is blank, the system should determine the ap
                    propriate price/UOM for the item in the system.
                    
                    Orders Imports should be placed with Status of W for Web Hold.
                    This will only appear under the Menu O-W.
                    Once Order is in O-W menu, they must be Approved.
                    Clicking APPROVE Button.
                    If Sales Price = ZERO.   Program will Prompt Warning,  
                    Sorry, Order Cannot be Approved until Sales Prices are Entered.
O-F-8-   06101301 E N-K OEImport  - Automatically apply appropriate Sales Price and UOM
                    locking issue
O-F-8-   09241202 E N-K OEImport  - Additional information needed on OEImport
                    Add the following to the OEImport file
                    
                    1)   If the Customer PO is the same for all items on the order, add Customer PO to Order header. 
                     This currently comes in for each item on the order and can be changed at the header level. 
                    
                    2)  Add Order notes to the import to the BOOK Icon which are notes per FG Item Code.  SPEC code w
                    ill be "CS" for all notes.  
O-F-8-   10101207 E N-K OEImport  - Add "ShipTo" to OEImport
                    Add a field to OEImport program that allows for a single ShipTo to be specified per order item.
                    This ShipTo is what should be assigned in the scheduled release that is automatically created whe
                    n the order is imported.
                    
O-F-8-   11041107 E N-K OEImport   New Parameter to import Customer Purchase Orders
                    N-K-1 OEIMport :  Excel CSV from Menu. To O-Web Orders for Approval.
                    View Control Character Value  = House the DISK DRIVE LOCATION where the incoming files View Form 
                    Character Value = House the Customer Code and File Format = UPS.
                                                                                Future Customers may send different F
                    ormats.
                    Order Fields: Order Date, Store/Bill,  Shipto, Soldto,  Orders PO#, Order Due Date, Credit Card.
                    Item Fields: Qty, Sell Price, UOM, Customer Part#, FG Item Code, Line PO#, Item Due Date.   
                    ASI will import other data from Codes defined. 
                    For example Store/Billto will import customers address, city state, zip, sales rep, over/under, e
                    tc.    FG Item code will import Item Name, Description, Count, etc. 
                    Programming logic, file names and field names will exist in the O-F-5 Copy Order program.
                    Orders will be added to the O-W file just like O-F-5.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 158

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Mandatory fieldsOther fields may be required and other fields such as the credit card fields may 
                    not always contain data so they be blank.   The customer and FG# must exist in Advantzware of cou
                    rse before the order can be imported using xml or csv.    I
                    The customer may include many finished goods items as well as the quantities for each order.
                    Please note, other fields such as customer payment terms, sales rep, sales commission, overrun, u
                    nderrun, etc will be imported from the customer file.
                    
                    Customer#, CC Number, Exp. Date, Vcode(the number on the back of the card),Credit Card Type, FG# 
                    1, QTY 1, FG# 2, QTY 2, FG#3, QTY 3, FG #4, QTY 4, FG# 5, QTY 5, FG# 6, QTY 6, FG# 7, QTY 7, FG#8
                    , QTY 8, FG #9, QTY 9, FG# 10, QTY 10
                    XML Sample
                    <order>
                    <customer></customer>
                    <ccnum></ccnum>
                    <expdate></expdate>
                    <vcode></vcode>
                    <cctype></cctype>
                    <fg1></fg1>
                    <qty1></qty1>
                    <fg2></fg2>
                    <qty2></qty2>
                    <fg3></fg3>
                    <qty3></qty3>
                    <fg4></fg4>
                    <qty4></qty4>
                    <fg5></fg5>
                    <qty5></qty5>
                    <fg6></fg6>
                    <qty6></qty6>
                    <fg7></fg7>
                    <qty7></qty7>
                    <fg8></fg8>
                    <qty8></qty8>
                    <fg9></fg9>
                    <qty9></qty9>
                    <fg10></fg10>
                    <qty10></qty10>
                    </order>
O-F-8-   11111402 E cXML Order Processing - ShipTo requires handling of DICKS: prefix
                    New N-K-1 cXMLShipToParse - Character value
                    This only applies at the View Form/Customer specific level.
                    
                    The Character Value per customer will identify any prefix that needs to be trimmed before auto cr
                    eating the shipTo on order import.  Additionally, this prefix will need to be re-applied to the S
                    hipTo when creating the cXML files to be transmitted back to Ariba.
                    
                    For example, if Shipto is "DICKS:00001", the system will parse the DICKS: prefix and load the shi
                    pto in the ASI system as 00001.  Additionally, when building the cXML for ASN, Invoices and Ackno
                    wledgements, the ShipTo ID must be added to the "Contact" segment with the Prefix added.
                    Example:
                    <Contact addressID="DICKS:00001" role="shipto">
                    
O-F-8-   11121302 E N-K OEImport   View Form  Quote Days per Customer
                    N-K-1 OEIMport :  
                    Ipad Sales Order Import by Customer.
                    The Ipad App has fields for quote and estimate number.
                    Sometimes the estimate number is the only field entered to place an order.
                    The import program will search for the most recent quote.
                    The Integer Value on the VIEW CONTROL tab determine the Days Old allowed.
                    If the integer Value = 30, then quotes older than 30 days will not be used.
                    Therefore, if a quote cannot be found within 30 days, then the price will import as Zero.
                    
                    View Form allows validatation of Quote Age per Customer.
                    The View Form allows Customer ID.
                    The Integer Value on the View Form field will validate the Quotes Age.
                    When an order is imported from the IPAD, if the quote# is missing but the estimate# is listed.
                    The program will search for the most recent quote.
                    If the quote is within the days defined by the Integer Value, the Sell Price will Import.
                    If the quote is outside the days defined by the Integer Value, the Sell Price will be ZERO.
                    
                    For example, if Customer ATT1000 has integer value = 60 then the IMPORT program will search the f
                    or the last quote,  if this quote is within 60 days of todays date, the quoted price will transfe
                    rs to the new Order under the O-W menu.
O-L-1-   06061411 E Add "Ref #:" field to OL1
                    See Attachment
                    Add alphanumeric field that allows entering and editing Ref #: on the View Header tab
                    and add a Ref # column to the OL1 browse tab.
                    
                    (Programmer note: spare-char-1 on oe-reth)
O-Q-1-   01101104 E Use dynamic queries to speed up query
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 159

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Yellow Column logic (sorting of columns) would also have to work, custom/yellowColumn.i.
                    
                    ESP 2/4/11: I took it over.
O-Q-1-   01311312 E Change Print Icons to EXCEL Icon displayed on PU1
                    The Print Icon on O-Q-1 and O-U-6  is used to Output Fields to Excel.
                    The Icon added in PU1 is a better reflection of what this Icon Does.
                    Change the Print Icon to the Excel Icon.
                    
                    No Logic Change, just an Icon Change.
                    The PRINT Icon is used to Print Forms and this is confusing.
                    The Excel Icon would be more Friendly.
O-Q-1-   02101406 E EXCEL Icon.  More Fields
                    Excel Icon on O-Q-, O-U-1 and O-U-6 
                    
                    Add More Toggle Box Fields.
                    1) Rep                          (Sales Rep from the Items Tab)
                    2) Release Date,     (Most Recent Date from Release Tab) 
                    3) Carrier,                    (Ship Via Carrier Name from Most Recent Date from Release Tab) 
                    4) Ship To ID             (Shipto Code from most Recent Date from Release Tab) 
O-Q-1-   03111403 E EXCEL Icon.  Print Range from Release Date _____   To Release Date
                    Excel Icon on O-Q-, O-U-1 and O-U-6  See Attached.
                    1)  Convert the existing Toggle Boxes to Column Selectable 
                         All User to Define the Order of the Columns to Print.
                    2)  Add new Print From Release Date__________   To Release Date __________
                         For each Release Line by item Reprint the View Order and Item Tab Data.
                         Currently, only 1 line prints per item.
                         This new option will print the Release Tab Fields that are Selected.   
                       Please note,
                       The Release Tab Fields on Task# 02101406 only print the Most Recent Release.
                       However, when selecting a Range, there may be more than 1 release per item.
                          (Print All Releases within Date Range) 
                              a) Release Date,  (reprint View Order and Line Item Data for each Release by Item)     
                                      b) Carrier,                 (reprint View Order and Line Item Data for each Rel
                    ease by Item)        
                              c) Ship To ID           (reprint View Order and Line Item Data for each Release by Item
                    )    
                    3) New Field = FG On Hand   -  This will be the Grand Total ON Hand from I-F-1
                        Same as calculated via OR1 printing On Hand  from FG.
                    4)  Change Currect Field Called On Hand to Job OnHand for Job on the Order
                          Same Logic as Toggle Box on OR1 Report
                    5)  New Field - Orders Due  (This will pull the due date form View Orders Due Date)
                    6)  New Field - Items Due  (This will pull the due date from the Items Tab.
                    
O-Q-1-   05051103 E New $ Icon to enter Invoice Specific Collection Notes (Paid $45 Task 0
                    New $ ICON on O-Q-1 and A-Q-1 by Invoice Number.
                    The record key will be Invoice Number Specific.
                    Security must be assigned to $ Icon via the Program Master.
                    When this ICON is pressed, then the user can add notes that are specific to that invoice.  
                    See attachment
                    
                    OQ1 will be added to the INVOICE Tab as we must select an Invoice before we can show notes for th
                    at Invoice.
O-Q-1-   05051107 E Sort by Item Name
                    See Attached
                    Name the Item Name Column yellow so they can sort that column.
O-Q-1-   05221401 E Invoice Tab.  Add Quantity Column and Expand Screen
                    Click O-Q-1 
                    Find Order 205938
                    Click INVOICE tab.
                    
                    1)  Add Quantity Field to this Browser in front of Sell Price.
                         Highlight Invioce 7256 and double click to see the quantity that should appear.
                    
                    2)  The EXPAND icon on top left should expand the browser to show more fields.
                    
                    3)  Add Yellow Column Headings to all Columns to Sort Fields
                    
                    4)   If possible, Add Ability to Move Columns by User ID.
                         Add Button called Move next to the GO and SHOW ALL buttons.
                    For an example of this logic, you can run O-T-5 to see the MOVE button
                    
                    
O-Q-1-   06141202 E N-K PushPin    Default Windows File Directory when ADDIING file
                    N-K PushPin
                    Go to OQ1 or OU1.
                    Click on Push-Pin icon in toolbar to launch Attachment Screen.
                    Go to View Attach tab.
                    Click Add Button
                    In "Attached File" field, hit F1 to launch Windows Lookup.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 160

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    The request is to have the initial directory, default to a user specific/defined file folder or d
                    rive.
                    This default path should be set in an NK1 value.
                    
                    This would workd for A-F-1 and O-Q-1.
O-Q-1-   06171101 E Add Column to Browser and New PO# Search
                    See Attached.  Order 203248
                    Currently the Search Field on the Browser only allows to search by the VIEW Folder PO#.
                    Add New Field below the PO# under the exiting PO# that will search the line item PO# screen.
                    
                    Also, add new Column called Order PO#.
                    This will be the View Order PO# which is the Top Search Field.
                    Add this to left of existing PO#.
                    
O-Q-1-   08041004 E N-K PushPin Order File  (WFA but do this even if Customer Doesnt Pay)
                    N-K-1 PushPin Order File
                    New parameter to house attached file.
                    Character Value =  Default Location of the disk drive and folder to house files.
                    O-U-1 and O-Q-1.
                    Type any Order.
                    Click Push Pin  Icon.
                    Click Add Button.
                    Press F1 on File.   See Attached.
                    This now defaults to N: rcode\ box image
                    
                    Customer will be able to enter Disk and file location that will default when pressing F1.
                    
                    
                    Please note, this will default similar to N-K-1 CadFile.
O-Q-1-   09111201 E Add NEXT SHIPTO field in OQ1 Browser
                    Add new field called  "Last Shipto" on  O-Q-1.
                    This will print the last or next shipto code form the Release Folder.
                    
                    When multiple release lines exist for the item, the program will look for a release in the follow
                    ing priority:
                    Release Status C for Completed.
                    Release Status Z BOL is posted and in OB1.
                    Release Status P for posted release that is in the bill of lading file.
                    Release Status B for back ordered release
                    Release Status A for Actual Release.
                    Release Status I for Invoicable / past warehouse terms.
                    Release Status L for late.
                    Release Status S for released.
                    
                    The logic is to print the history of the shipment first back to the release status.
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-Q-1-   09271205 E Add FG Item Code to Invoice Inquiry
                    Order Inquiry - Find Order 1977
                    Click Invoice Tab.
                    Note the FG ITem code is listed.
                    Next, Click View Invoice.   
                    Only the Item Name is listed.
                    Add FG Item code to each Line Item.
O-Q-1-   10111317 E Yellow Column to Sort Ascending / Descending on Last Ship
                    Last field on O-Q-1 is called Last Shipto
                    Make Column Heading Yellow
                    That would sort from Asending to Descending
O-Q-1-   10121004 E Add "sortable" column to browser.
                    In OQ1 and OU1, have the browser display the Item's 3 character (numeric) Ln# 
                    (from the order item detail screen) which is next to the PO#.    
                    
                    The line # field should be a Yellow Column heading so customer and click heading to sort in ascen
                    ding or descending order.
                    
                    See Order 202571 
                    ASI Line 01 Vanilla is manually entered as Ln# 4
                    ASI Line 02 Chocolate is manually entered as Ln# 3
                    ASI Line 03 Strawberry is manually entered as Ln# 2
                    ASI Line 04 Raspberry is manually entered as Ln# 1
                    
                    The modifiable Line# field  on the O-U-1 Items Folder represents the box customers purchase order
                     line number.  The box plants line number that ASI assigns is sequential and may not match the bo
                    x customers PO, so this field can be different.
O-Q-1-   11191001 E N-K OEINQ Char Value for SALES PRICE
                    Char Value = Invoice Price or blank.
                    Currentely the price on the inquiry screen pulls from the last invoice for that item.  If the ite
                    m has not been invoiced, it then pulls from the order line item screen.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 161

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    Char Value = Order Price.
                    The sales price on the order item will display on the inquiry regardless of whether or not the it
                    em was invoiced.
O-Q-1-   11201309 E Add New Column Act BOL Qty to O-Q-1 and O-U-6
                    See Attached.
                    
                    Task for O-U-1 must be move / added to O-Q-1 and O-U-6
                    The New column will only include releases with Status P.
                    The Act Released Column will  only include Release Status B and A.
                    
                    
O-R-1-   09301417 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = O-R-1  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    ***) Remove Toggle Print PO# and Include as Available Fields to Print.
                    ***) Remove Toggle Detailed? and Include as Available Fields to Print.
                    ***) Remove Toggle Release Date and Include as Available Fields to Print.
                    ***) Remove Toggle Last Ship and Include as Available Fields to Print.
                    
                    
O-R-1-   10031202 E Add "LAST SHIP TO" field to OR1
                    Add the "Last Ship To" field to the OR1.
                    
                    NOTE:  This is a copied task for a similar mod - original task (09111201) notes are shown below:
                    
                    Add new field called  "Last Shipto" on  O-Q-1.
                    This will print the last or next shipto code form the Release Folder.
                    
                    When multiple release lines exist for the item, the program will look for a release in the follow
                    ing priority:
                    Release Status C for Completed.
                    Release Status Z BOL is posted and in OB1.
                    Release Status P for posted release that is in the bill of lading file.
                    Release Status B for back ordered release
                    Release Status A for Actual Release.
                    Release Status I for Invoicable / past warehouse terms.
                    Release Status L for late.
                    Release Status S for released.
                    
                    The logic is to print the history of the shipment first back to the release status.
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-R-1-0  10081408 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = O-R-10  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8)  Add DISPLAY at botton showing the FG item that is Being Process 
                    
                    
O-R-1-1  03011306 E Report Select Fields
                    N-K-1 Reports,   Character Value = OR11   Logical Value = Yes
                    New Columns Selectable by User  - See Attached new Fields
                    
                    New Report will be One Line with Order#, Job #, Customer Code, Date, Ect with each Item Detail.  
                     This will not print as Order Heading plus Line Items underneath.
                    
                    Add new Fields
                    1)  Board Ordered MSF  (Order Qty/1000 x Board Square Feet)
                    2)  Job Qty Shipped  (FG Items Total Qty Shipped via O-U-1 Shipped Qty)
                    2)  PaperBoard Profit  (Order Sales Value - Board Cost  )
                    3)  Board PO#  (Pull from O-U-1 Line Item Screen)
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 162

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    4)  Board PO Qty
                    5)  Board UOM Cost
                    6)  Total Board Cost  (Listed on P-U-1 Line Screen - This includes Adder Charges)
                    6)  Total Board Qty Received (PO# on O-U-1, Total Receipts from P-U-1 Browser)
                    
                    
                    Customer will be able to select fields to print on report.
                    Customer will be able to add/remove columns.
                    Customer will be able to resequence columns.
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-R-1-1  03221306 E Report Select Fields   New Print Selection Options
                    N-K-1 Reports,  Character Value =  OR11   Logical Value = Yes.   See Attached 2 pages, page 1 is 
                    existing report.  -   Page 2 are all new columns.  Page 1 has formula on orders.  Page 2 has form
                    ula on actual received and shipments, plus loss factor.  Please note,   PO may have multple Recei
                    pts Dates.   Orders may have multiple Ship Dates  thus 1 Line will be inaccurate.  Progrram will 
                    print 1st Receipt Date, 1st Ship Date, 1st BOL# and 1st Invioce#.
                    Print Selection Range  (Order Number Range will limit Report to Those Orders)
                                1)   From Ship Date          _________     To Ship Dates        (Within that Order# R
                    ange)    
                                2)   From Receipt Date   _________      To Receipt Date   (Within that Order# Range)
                     New Fields  
                             1) Order% Profit
                             2) MSF Rec'd
                             3) FG Ship Date   (Add Asterick (*)  to Ship Qty if Multiple Shipments Exist)
                             4) PO Rec Date   (Add Asterick (*)  to Receipt Qty  if Multiple Receipts Exist
                             5) FG Ext Price
                             6) PO Rec Cost
                             7) Profit $ Sold
                             8) Profit % Sold
                             9) Units/Board
                           10) Unit Loss $$  I reversed formula on column 27 to show a minus sign for loss.
                            11) % Loss
                            12) BOL#
                            13) Invoice#
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-R-1-1  04051309 E Report Select Fields   More Changes  Test print Order# 205943
                    N-K-1 Reports,   Character Value =  OR11   Logical Value = Yes
                    New Columns Selectable by User  - See Attached new Fields
                    See Attached 2 pages, page 1 is existing report.  -   Page 2 are all new columns.
                    Page 1 has formula on orders.
                    Page 2 has formula on actual received and shipments, plus loss factor.
                    Please note,   PO may have multple Receipts Dates.
                    Orders may have multiple Ship Dates  thus 1 Line will be inaccurate.
                    Best we can do is print 1st Receipt Date and 1st Ship Date.
                    
                    New Fields
                    1) Order% Profit
                    2) MSF Rec'd
                    3) FG Ship Date
                    4) PO Rec Date
                    5) FG Ext Price
                    6) PO Rec Cost
                    7) Profit $ Sold
                    8) Profit % Sold
                    9) Units/Board
                    10) Unit Loss $$
                    11) % Loss
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-R-1-1  04171413 E N-K Reports = OR11  - DEFAULT Button
                    N-K-1 Reports.
                    New View Form = OR11
                    
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when OR11 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
O-R-1-1  04241301 E Report Select Fields   New Print Selection Options
                    N-K-1 Reports,  
                    Testing April 24, 2013     
                    
                    We need Toggle Box to Exclude the Ship Date and Receipt Date Ranges.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 163

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    1)  Add Toggle Box   ____   If Checked, this will use the 
                          FROM Receiipt Date and To Receipt Date .
                    This Report will not work if we do not have a PO for Board.
                    Many clients Stock Board and Use this on many different jobs.
                    This Report must use the ISSUED Date in place of the Board Receipt Date.
                    
                    2)  Add Toggle Box.   ____   If Checked, Logic will Use the 
                          FROM Ship Date            TO Ship Date is not working.
O-R-1-2  10081409 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = O-R-12  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8) Remove Toggle Boxes  that select fields to print.
                         Add all fields on the toggle box as available fields. 
                    
                    
O-R-1-3  07071407 E OR13 BackLog report - Toggle Boxes = Shipped Value ___   Invoiced Valu
                    See attached documents two pages.
                    When an order is INVOICE only, the OR13 does not reduce the backlog value because nothing has shi
                    pped.  That logic is pefect and will not be changed.
                    Currently, the O-R-13 backlog report calculates the backlog based on Quantity Orders less Qty Shi
                    pped.  However, Invoice Only Releases are not considered as zero quantity has shipped.
                    1)  The Solution is a new New Toggle box called 
                          Sales Value?  Shipped Value    ____     This is the Current Logic is Value by Order Qty.
                                                       Invoiced Value  ______.
                    New logic when checking Invoice Qty will substract the Invoiced Qty times Sell Price (Invoiced Sa
                    les)  from the Order Value Sales (Order Qty x Selling Price).
                    
                    2)  The HM1 Report, the Excel Speadsheet called Sales F/C uses the OR13 report.
                          This should be changed to use the new O-R-13 Toggle Box option called Invoice Qty
                    
                    TESTING
                    a)  See Attached.  Print for Item Taco Supreme
                         a)  Expand OR13 Print Parmeter for Item# to view 15 characters.
                         b)  Sales Value incorrect per attached.  Qty Due/1000 x Sales price = Backlog Value
                               For new Invoice Value 
                              Order 207650 = 25,000 Ordered  less 25,000 Invoice Only = ZERO DOLLARS
                              Order 207653 = 24,000 less 15,000 invoiced x $193.49/M  = $1741.41
                    
                    
O-R-1-3  07241409 E OR13 BackLog report Invoiced Value to be Used in HM1
                    Task 07071407 added in Toggle Box to Show Invoiced Value.
                    The calculate is to take the Order Qty Value less the Invoiced Value for Backlog Value.
                    Invoice Only releases will lower this value.
                    HM1 uses the OR13 report and this new logic should be used in HM1.
                    
                    Problem is that I do not know how to Test.
                    The HM1 Report, the Excel Speadsheet called Sales F/C uses the OR13 report.
                    This should be changed to use the new O-R-13 Toggle Box option called Invoice Qty
                    
                    
                    I tested OR13 with Order# 207650
                    Ordered 50,000, Invoice Only for 25,000 and Backlog value was perfect = $5,000
                    But, I ran HM1 for June 17,2014 which was Invoice Only date and I do not see any Value.
O-R-1-3  10081410 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = O-R-13  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8) Remove Toggle Boxes  that select fields to print.
                         Add all fields on the toggle box as available fields. 
                    
                    
O-R-1-4  10081411 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = O-R-14  Logical Value = YES
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 164

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8) Remove Toggle Boxes  that select fields to print.
                         Add all fields on the toggle box as available fields. 
                    
                    
O-R-1-5  10081412 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = O-R-15  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8) Remove Toggle Boxes  that select fields to print.
                         Add all fields on the toggle box as available fields. 
                    
                    
O-R-1-6  10081413 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = O-R-16  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8) Remove Toggle Boxes  that select fields to print.
                         Add all fields on the toggle box as available fields. 
                    
                    
O-R-1-6  10231403 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = O-R-16  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (O-R-16) 
                    See Attached.
                    Currently, this report can print Closed Orders, which then looks at all FG items.
                    
                    
                    1)   Add new Toggle Box called 
                           ____  Include Inactive Items  (As an example, see I-R-1 Report)
                    
                    When unchecked, this will exclude finished goods items set as Inactive.
                    This should speed up the calcualtion when running the report.
                    
                    
                    
O-R-2-   04091206 E N-K Report  Selectable Columns - Add "Routing" as an available column
                    Add "Routing" to the list of available columns for new OR2.
                    Leave existing Print Schedule Stats option.
                    
                    The information that should display is the exactly the  same as the comma separated list of machi
                    nes next to the "Routing:" label that appears when Print Schedule Stats is checked.
                    
                    
O-R-2-   04171414 E N-K Reports = OR2  - DEFAULT Button
                    N-K-1 Reports.
                    New View Form = OR2
                    
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when OR2 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
O-R-2-   06221105 E N-K SalesRep  Broker / Extra Sales Rep and Percentage by Customer
                    N-K-1 SalesRep  Broker / Extra Sales Rep and Percentage by Customer
                    Transfer Sales Rep to Order Item Line as Sales Rep # 002.
                    The Logical Value = Yes will turn on this Logic.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 165

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    The Logical Value = NO will turn this logic off.
                    
                    The VIEW FORM folder will alow defining a Customer Code.
                    The Character Value will House a Valid Sales Rep Code from A-F-3 File.
                    An F1 Lookup on character value will display all sales rep just as the A-F-1 Sales Rep Search.
                    The Decimal Value will House the Default Commission Percentage for this Customer.
                    
                    For example, if I add customer ATT1000 and character value as Sales Rep 003 and commission of 2.5
                     in decimal value.   Add new order or new FG item will transfer this Sales Rep 003 to the View Or
                    der and Item folder as sales rep number 2 when adding an order.
                    
                    The Original Sales Rep will continue to transfer from the original logic as the first sales rep o
                    n the orders View Tab and Line Item Tab.  
                    
                    This new logic will simply transfer a second sales rep to the order.
                    
O-R-2-   07241303 E N-K REPORT  View Form OR2 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports
                    View Form = OR2  Logical Value YES   
                    Allows box users to select what field print on the report and in what order.
                    
                    Add new Filed called Customer Part#.
                    This will be the customer part number displayed on the orders ITEMS tab.
                    
                    
O-R-2-   10211408 E N-K Report  Selectable Columns - Find "Routing" for orders without job
                    See N-K-1 Reports  View Form = OR2 Logical Value = YES.
                    
                    Currently, there is a column called "Routing" that will print the routing for orders with jobs.
                    This mod will additionally print a routing for orders without jobs by:
                    1)  Find the FG item
                    2)  Find the estimate from the FG Item,
                    3)  Find the most recent job for that estimate
                    4)  Pull the routing from that job
O-R-2-   11011311 E N-K REPORT  View Form  Business Form OR2 to Email by Ecodes
                    Add new ECODES = OR2 Report
                    At Top of Advantzware
                    Click ECodes
                    Add new Program for OR2 Release Report
                    Click Customer Contacts 
                    Add Contacts by Customer that wil be emailed.
                    
                    
                    When printing O-R-2 Report, clicking Email will create email.
                    If the FROM Customer   _______   Equals the    TO CUSTOMER  ___________
                    Then the Email Created will import the Customer Contacts defined under the ECODES to the SEND TO.
                    
                    
                    If a range of Customers are defined, and EMAIL is selected the Program will not search for contac
                    ts under the ECODES file.
                    
O-R-2-   11121405 E N-K Report Selectable Cols - "Qty Remaining" as an available column &
                    N-K REPORTS View Form = OR2 Logical Val = Yes
                    
                     - Add a column called "OH - Rel Qty" 
                    This is the difference between the existing Total Qty OH and Rel Qty columns 
                    (Total Qty OH - Rel Qty).  
                    
                    Note, the calculation of these quantities is subject to user changes through the "Print OH qty" r
                    adio buttons and release selections. 
                    
                     - Add a toggle check box called ____"Only Neg OH-RelQty?".  
                    When checked, this will not display any rows of data that have a Qty Remaining that is greater th
                    an or equal to 0.  They would like to use this view to show the list of items that need to be add
                    ressed.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-R-3-   09031002 E New Toggle Box to Print Due Date from View Folder or Item Folder?
                    Currently, due date for this report is pulled from the header screen of the order.
                    Add radio set option on the print selection screen.
                    Label will be " Print Due Date from View or Item Tab?
                    
                    If they check the line item, the Due Date from the order items screen will print.
                    If they check the View folder, Due Date will print from the header screen. 
O-R-3-   10031409 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = O-R-3  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 166

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8) Remove Toggle Boxes  that select fields to print.
                         Add all fields on the toggle box as available fields. 
                    
                    
O-R-4-   10031410 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = O-R-4  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-R-5-   03131404 E N-K Reports  Business Forms  OR5    (Add UserID to Report)
                    N-K-1 Reports  View Form  - Busines Form OR5   Logical Value = Yes.
                    
                    Add new field columns = ID
                    to the Selectable Column
                    
                    This will be the Last User ID from the View Order Screen from under O-U-1.
O-R-5-   04041406 E N-K Reports  Business Forms  OR5
                    N-K-1 Reports  (See Attached)
                    View Forms O-R-5 Logical Value = Yes.
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when OR5 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
O-R-5-   10081209 E N-K Reports  Business Forms  OR5           ($20,000 Contract)
                    O-R-5 ORDERS BOOKED REPORT -  To Print only Fields Selected By User ID
                    New Print Section Block to Select new and Old Fields to Print.   Only fields checked will print. 
                     
                    Old Fields:  Field 1- Sales Rep,   Field 2 - Order#,  Field 3 - Due Date.   Field 4 -  Cust  Name
                    ,  Field 5 - Comm %,   Field 6 - Item Name,   Field 7 - Qty Ordered,   Field 8 - Total Sq Ft/M 
                    Field 9 - $/MSF,      Field 10 - Total Amount,    Field 11 - % Profit,      Field 12 - Total Tons
                    ,       Field 13 - $/TON,  Field 14 - Avail Margin,  Field 15 - Part#
                    
                    Also add new  Sort Toggle Boxes to Exclude Orders from Report.
                    ____  Print Orders Under   - ____ %    (They will type percentage)
                    This allows user to enter 20% to show only orders under -20% Profit.
                    _____Print Orders Over  + ____ %.    
                    This allows users enter 30% to show only orders with positive profit over 30 percent..  
                    
                    On the Output Section.
                    Up to 80  characters, System would allow all existing Output Options but default to Portrait.  
                    From 81 to 132  characters, then System will default  to Landscape Printing.
                    Greater then 132  characters, Protrait and Landscape will not be available.
                    System will default to Excel 
                    
                    OPTION if Possible (If user can select order that field will print, that would be pefect.
                    This last option was not quoted so could be added later.   Perhpahs we have a field called Print 
                    Sequence and they type the field selected  1,2,3, 8, 12, 4
O-R-5-   11161201 E New Toggle Boxes to Select
                    See Attached
                    The two selections to report 
                    
                    ____ Exclude Set components    (Identical Logic as OR13 report) 
                               This will not print components of sets that are listed on an order.
                    
                    ____ Exclude Transfer Releases/Orders   (Similare Logic as OR13 report) 
                                (OR13 is sorted by the ITEMS tabs Due Date)
                                (If any Release Lines have a Status of T then the Order Will not Print)
                    Please note, Unassembled Sets will never have a Release for the Set.
                    Therefore, this will look at the components release status.
                             
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 167

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    ____  Display Item Descripton 
                                When checked this does not print the customer part # column. 
                                 This should not impact the printing of the part#..   Continue to Print when this is 
                    checked.            Please note, there appears to be plenty of space to print both fields.
                        
O-R-5-   12040904 E Add column on Orders Booked Report cerunf = fibre cerunc = fibre
                    New Toggle Box:  Print Avail Margin?
                    This will to Add  column on the O-R-5 report? 
                    
                    The Available Margin will replace the Profit Field.
                    
                    New Database field must be added called Available margin will need to be saved in the order line 
                    item.    The available margin will be obtained the same way the commission is obtained from the e
                    stimate when entering an order.  Therefore, whenever we add or change a line item via an estimate
                    , we must update the available margin.
                    
                    Once we have the available margin field on the order line, we can then print on any report.
                    Adding to report will take less than 4 hours with toggle box.
                    Majority of work is to add new database.
                    
                    ESP - New fields are oe-ordl.q-qty and oe-ord.t-fuel.
O-R-6-   01071303 E Add Invoice Date and Currency Code to Commission Report
                    Detail Report of the Commissions prints the maximum 132 columns in Landscape printing.
                    Therefore existing output to printer cannot be changed
                    
                    Add new Fields to Excel Output Only
                    1) Invoice date for each line next to the Invoice Date
                    2) Currency code  for each line next to the Invoice Date 
                         (e.g.  US$  or CDN  etc, from the customer m/file )
                         This will pull from the A-F-1 Customer File.
O-R-6-   01171403 E OR6 - Output to Excel Only   - Add Ship From Location
                    Export to Excel.
                    Add Field called WHSE
                    This is the Warehouse on the Bill of Lading.
                    For each Invoice, find the Bill of Lading Number, then Find the Warehouse on the Bill of Lading.
                    This is the SHIP FROM warehouse.
                    
                    1)  Invoice Post will transfer the Ship From Warehse to the Accounts Receivable History File.
                         If needed, the BOL Post will transfer to the O-B-1 BOL file.
                    
                    2)  OR6 Report will transfer Wareshouse directly from the A/R History File 
                    
                    3)  If Options 1 & 2 Above Require Less than 5 Hours, 
                         Then Write Utility to Update the SHIP FROM Whse in the A/R History File
                    
                    For each Item on an invoice, we must find the bill of lading number for each finished good item, 
                    then find the Warehouse on the bill of lading line..
                    It is possible to have multiple warehouse locations on 1 or more bill of ladings.
                    Invoices can be created by PO# or by Date Group.
                    This means that multiple bill of ladings can be combined to create 1 invoice.
                    That single invoice may have shipped from different warehouses.
                    Program will only print the first Warehouse from the first BOL for each invoice line when ,
                    
                    
                    
O-R-6-   02011209 E Commission Report by Board Cost to pull from Jobs Estimate#
O-R-6-   02031206 E Commission Report to Use FULL COST if Greater than Zero ($50 per Hour)
                    Distribution Logic New Toggle Box called Use FULL COST?  Y/N   on same line of Cost?
                    OR6 Run Commission Report 
                    Click Detailed
                    Click Cost?  Estimated Board or Order or FG for Finished Goods
                    
                    Place order for FG Item RSC7x7x7 and the Full Cost will display at $225.
                    The Job Cost or Purchase Cost will also display on the Order Items Folder. 
                    The Invoice will post both costs to the Accounts Receivable History File.
                    
                    When Printing the Commission Report.
                    If the toggle box Full Cost?  is Checked 
                    and the FULL COST >0 in the AR History File, 
                    then the FULL COST will be used in place of the existing invoice cost.
                    This will be used on the report Regardless of Cost Method selected.
                    
                    In summary, the commission report will be printed for a month.
                    Invoices will be for both packaging supply / distribution items as wel as manufactured goods.
                    If the FULL Cost > zero, this will print. (Packaging Supplies)
                    If the FULL Cost = 0 then the existing invoice cost will print. (Manufactured Goods)
O-R-6-   03231102 E Add Toggle Box for FG Category to commission report
                    Add for each sales rep, totals by category
                    This would show the category sell price, total cost and GP%
                    It can show the same total columns it now shows, just broken down by category.  
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 168

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
O-R-6-   04131005 E Toggle Box to Print Cost? Gross Profit?  (With Security when Checked)*
                    Report includes Cost and Gross Profit .  
                    Add new Toggle Box,  Print Cost & Profit?  
                    Unchecked, the report will not print those two fields.
                    CHECKED will require a password.  
                    N-K-1 Security character value will house the password.
                    Wrong Password and Toggle will not print the Cost and Profit Fields.
                    Correct Password and fields will print.
                    
                    This will work identical to IR2 whereby the cost will not print when password is wrong.
O-R-6-   04231404 E N-K Reports,  View Form = OR6   Logical Value = Yes
                    N-K-1 Reports
                    View Form = OR6
                    Logical Value = Yes.
                    
                    1)  Convert Report to User Selectable Fields.
                    2)  Default Button will transfer all existing fields to Print.
                          All Fields with DETAIL toggle Box checked will be available.
                    3)  Remove the Toggle Box called Detailed and include all fields as Selectable Fields.
                    4)  Remove the Toggle to Print Cost and Profit and add Fields to Selectable Fields.
                    5)  Remove the Toggle Box for Costs.  
                          Add FG Cost,  Order Cost, Board Cost and Full Cost as Selectabe Fields.
                    
                    6)  Add New Field called Comm% 
                         This should be in the AR History File that transferred from the O-U-1 Items Tab.
O-R-6-   10271101 E Add Print Selection Range by Customer Type
                    In the customer file (AF1) there is a customer type field. (asi.cust.type)
                    
                    In the customer file (AF1) there is a customer type field. 
                    Add a print selection range 
                    FROM Customer Type  ___________    TO Customer Type  _______________
                     (asi.cust.type)
                    
                    
                    The report will limit what prints based on the range of customer types.
O-R-6-   11211402 E N-K Reports,  View Form = OR6   Logical Value = Yes
                    See Attached.
                    N-K-1 Reports
                    View Form = OR6
                    Logical Value = Yes.
                    This was Converted Report to User Selectable Fields.
                    
                    1)  New Toggle Box =  Specific Sales Reps
                          When this is checked, a POPUP box will appear.
                          The user will type in valid Sales Reps from the A-F-3 File.
                           F1 lookup will show valid Sales Reps.
                           Each Sales Rep ID will be separated by a Comma.
                          When this is checked, the Range of Sales Rep will be Ignored.
                          The Report will only show the Sales Reps listed on the Popup List.
                    
                    For Speed Purposes.
                    The Report can default to the entire list of Reps.
                    Run the Report fo the Entire List of Reps.
                    Then Remove the Line Item for the Reps not listed on the POPUP List.
O-R-6-   12121102 E Add new Column to print Customer Type field
                    In the customer file (AF1) there is a customer type field. (asi.cust.type).  
                    The Print Selection now has the range from Customer Type to Customer Type.
                    The report does not currently print this field.
                    Add new column called Type after customer.to report to display this field.  
                    Place this field directly after the customer name.
                    
                    To make Room, change the columns to the following.
                    SalRep to Rep
                    
                    
                    This will print on ASI report.
                    Also Output to Excel.
O-R-8-   01171102 E Restore OR8 to March 2011 Version  (Moved to Task 05031101)
                    RESTORED to Feb 2011 Version.
                    Changes on this task were for OZ9 which were originally added to O-R-8
                    New Column Headings:
                    * Customer P/N 
                    *Item Name
                    * Qty Produced - Should pull from FG Receipts
                    * Qty to Produce:  This = Order Qty - Shipped Qty - Actual Release Qty - On-Hand Qty
                    see attached.
O-R-8-   04161203 E Add Customer Part Number
                    Add toggle box on print selection screen = Print Customer part number?  to the O-R-8 report.
                    When checked, this will print under the Purchase Order Number.
                    Chang the Column heading to  PO# / Cust Part# 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 169

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
O-R-8-   09091011 E Add "PO# From" option to print parameters of OR8.
                    On the OR8 print parameter screen, next to "PO# From" there are 2 choices:  "Header" and "Line". 
                     Customer requests "Release" to be added as another choice.
                    
                    Release qty comes from actual release only so p.o. from release will print from actual release on
                    ly.
O-R-8-   10031411 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Val = O-R-8  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8)  Add DISPLAY at botton showing the FG item that is Being Process 
                    9)   Remove Toggle Box  Print Customer Part#
                           Add Available Field  a) Cust Part#
                    10) Remove  Radio button  Print  ___ Invoice Amount   ___  Balance Due
                        Add as Available Field   a) Invoice Amount   b) Balance Due
                    
                    11) Remove  Radio button  PO# From ?  ___ View  ___ Line  ___ Release
                        Add as Available Field   a) OrderPO#,  Item PO#,  Release PO#
                    
O-R-8-   10111001 E Add "PO# From" option to print parameters of OR8.
                    I tested task 09091011 and it works great on ASI.  Accord said it was not working so I dialed in.
                      If they choose Release, the PO#s do not print.  If they choose Header or Line, nothing prints.
                    
                    Header or Line work if z's are put in for customer po #.
                    
                    >>>When choosing release, does not print when selecting all for order status.
                    
                    
                    Original task:
                    
                    On the OR8 print parameter screen, next to "PO# From" there are 2 choices:  "Header" and "Line". 
                     Customer requests "Release" to be added as another choice.
                    
                    Release qty comes from actual release only so p.o. from release will print from actual release on
                    ly.
O-R-9-   10031412 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = O-R-9  Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8) Remove All Print Optioins.
                         Add as Available Fields
                         a)  Components
                         b) Qty On Hand
                         c)  Last Ship Date
                         d)  Due Alert
                         e)  Stye
                          f)  MSF
                         g)  Pallet Qty
                         h)  FG Item Code
                         i) FG Item Name
                       
O-S-%-   05011301 E N-K INVSTATUS    Must Build Parameter when Accessing OS1
                    When Parameter is Missing Error Appears.
                    **Input value: should be yes/no. (87)
                    
                    N-K INVSTATUS    Must Build Parameter when Accessing OS1
                    Wade asked me to add this to his Q for review.  
                    Wade will be adding additional files to the patch directory.
                    
                    -------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    Add N-K1 to System control parameters maintenance screen.
                    
                    N-K-1
                    Add - INVSTATUS
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 170

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Character Value: Blank
                    Logical Value: Blank
                    
                    Note: Wade is going to add more files to the patch directory.
O-S-1-   01191105 E Custom 856 Report
                    ESP 2/21/11 - Add to add new field to BOL posting, so old data won't work, only new BOLs going fo
                    rward.
                    
                    Metro needs a custom 856 shipment report.  It will be run from N-R and be called util\metro856.r.
                      The report will show the total shipments for a particular item on a particular day by utilizing
                     posted BOLs for that item and BOL date.
                    It will have the option to be generated as a csv file (output to Excel).
                    It will have a date field and an fg # item field.  It will remember the last parameter entered.
                    It will sort by Order # (Job #) and P.O. #.  So, if multiple jobs ship on the same day, it will s
                    how each job separately.
                    The report will show the following fields with the column headings:
                    Transaction Date
                    Transaction Time (find most recent shipment time)
                    Supplier Num (Hard Code 49783)
                    Product Num (Hard Code 04498051)
                    Supplier Product (itemfg.i-no)
                    Product Description (itemfg.i-name)
                    Purchase Order # (Customer PO from BOL)
                    P.O. Received Date (oe-boll.lot-code will store this)
                    Sales Order #
                    Ship Date
                    Expected Delivery Date (if ship-state = "PA" then ship-date + 1 else 
                    ship-date + 2)
                    Delivery Mode (Hardcode L)
                    Production Date (same way as done in Metro BOL)
                    
                    Expiry Date (ship-date + 358)
                    Shipped Quantity (sum of qty / 1000, for job, p.o. #)
                    Shipped_Quantity_UOM
                    Product_Price 
                    Transaction_Currency 
                    Customer_Name
                    Customer_Number
                    Customer_Address_1
                    Customer_Address_2
                    City
                    State
                    Postal_Code
                    Country_Code
                    Location_Code
                    EDI_Mailbox
O-S-1-   01231205 E Select Bin/Tags on BOL to Prompt for Overrun
                    See BOL 5079 for FG Item COLSCOFG001
                    Click O-S-1 and click UPGRADE button on bottom right.the bill of lading screen.
                    Change the BOL change quantity to 1500 this will provide overrun warning.
                    However if you use 
                    SELECT BIN/TAGS button and select tags that total 1500,
                    This does not have this warning message.
                    
                    To Test.
                    See BOL# 5079
                    The Release was for 1000 of item COLSCOFG001
                    I clicked BOL/INV button and created BOL with No Tags.
                    ON O-S-1 Click Select Bin/Tags on O-S-1 Bill of Lading Folder.
                    Select tags that total a quantity of 1500.
                    PROMPT will ask select Tags Exceed BOL quantity,  Would you like to Update BOL Qty.
                    Answer YES.
                    However, before that prompt it should check the Overrun Quantity.
                    1000 plus 10% = 1100.  Any quantity over 1100 should prompt warning 
                    "Selected Quantity Exceeds overrun Quantity"
                    
                    Please note, Existing message was only considering the current line on the browser, per Joe, need
                    s to add up all lines when doing comparison for warning message
                    
                    
                    
O-S-1-   01241405 E Add Customer Part# as SEARCH field on Browser (See Attach)
                    BOL Browswer  (See Attached)
                    
                    1) Change Columns Heading  FG Item#
                        To  FG Item# / Part#
                    
                    2)  Add Customer Part# Field under FG Item# 
                         User will be able to Type the Customer Part# to find the BIll of Lading Number.
O-S-1-   02111006 E Add new field Seal # for task 01211009
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 171

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
O-S-1-   02111401 E N-K BOLCERT = CCC (New N-K-1 setting).
                    New BOLCERT = CCC (new form) to print when "Certificate of Compliance" is chosen from the BOL Pri
                    nt interface.
                    New Excel template-based certificate form built to the attached spec.
                    3C has provided Excel file/template in desired format, and provide field definitions.
                    See attached .xlsx file.  This should be converted to an .xltx to be used in the BOLCERT output.
                    Each italicized field is a description of the source for particular data
                    
                    
O-S-1-   02121003 E Helped Andres with net weight calculation for Metro BOL
O-S-1-   04181308 E N-K BOLFMT = ALLPKG2   (Copy Color).
                    Copy Color and Nename to AllPkg2  (See Attached Color vs New Format with Changes)
                    Add All Packaging Logo.
                    We will supply more information as where the information should come from to complete this form a
                    fter we receive your estimate of cost.
                    
                    1)  Repacle SOLD To Infromation with Ship To Code and Address
                    2)  Add Customer, Contact and Phone# in previous Location of Shipto Information
                         Unsure what Customer Prints?  What Contact Prints?  What Phone# Ships.
                    
                    3)  Top Heading Columns will be Date, Payment Terms, Tax Code, Carrier, Freight Terms
                    
                    4)  Body Headings:  FG # / Order #.  PO#, Cust Part# / Desc,  Units, Count, Total Qty, P/C
                         Data stays the same.
                    
                    5)  Notes and Bottom Section Changes.
O-S-1-   05071302 E UTIL/FXBOLPOST.r     Bill of Lading disappeared.
                    Bill of Lading has Evaporated.
                    This BOL is showing posted under O-S-1.... but it is not under O,B,1 to bill out??
                    
                    Per email, this is BOL 357999
O-S-1-   05121405 E N-K BOLCERT = CCC  - Item#->Item Name
                    New BOLCERT = CCC (new form) to print when "Certificate of Compliance" is chosen from the BOL Pri
                    nt interface.
                    
                    Use the Board Item Name instead of Board Code.  Extend field to allow showing enough characters w
                    ithout wrapping text.
O-S-1-   06021406 E N-K BOLFMT = Chillicothe (Copy Xprint2).
                    Stephen 6/4/2014:  Phone call to customer no payment required.
                    
                    Change the word at the bottom right on our BOL?s changed from the word "cases" to the word "units
                    ".
                    
                    Note: the company name at the top is controlled by the customer marked as "X" (In-house) so the s
                    ame form can be used for both company 001 and 002.
                    
                    See attached sample.
O-S-1-   06071202 E N-K BOLQtyPopUp   New Parameter to Remove Message
                    N-K-1 BOLQtyPopup      This parameter is ideal for partial shipments.
                    For example you pack 3600 boxes per pallet.  Customer requests a shipment of 5600.
                    If you select two pallets, this will transfer a full pallet of 3600 and a partial pallet of 2000 
                    from a full 3600 pallet.
                    
                    Logical Value = YES will continue to display the Warning Message.
                    Warning Message  - Tag Qty exceeds BOL Qty.   Do you want to update BOL Qty?
                    
                    Logical Value = NO will not display the Warning Message.  
                    Therefore, if the user selects any tag number quantity, the system will simply accept the BOL qua
                    ntity regardless of the Bin or Tag Quantity.  
                    
                    For example, Order 205232 is order for 1,000.
                    I release 1000.   I select a Pallet Tag with a count of 25,000.
                    Program prompts to import tag and they answer YES.
                    That will immediately import the 1000 when Logical Value = NO.
                    If Log Value = YES, it will prompt to import the entire 25,000.
                    
                    Release was for 100 boxes which transfers to the Bill of Lading as quantity of 100. User clicks S
                    elect Bin/Tags and selects a pallet tag with 500 boxes in the Bin or Tag.
                    Program WILL NOT import the quantity of 500.
                    The quantity on the BOL will remain 100 without a warning message.
                    
                    
                    
O-S-1-   06121408 E BOL Browser  - Add BOL Date as Column on Browser
                    BOL Browser
                    Add BOL Date as Column Heading with yellow Column to Sort.
                    
                    Please note,
                    Each User will be able to move Column as they desire on the Browser via the ICON to move columns.
O-S-1-   07231308 E Add Customer Part# that is on Browser to the Items Tab
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 172

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    BOL Items Tab
                    Add Customer Part# to the Items Tab.
                    This would be the same Customer Part# on the BOL Browser
O-S-1-   08091102 E Print Icon not Printing Exception Report via O-S-5
                    N-K-1 BOLPost 
                    Character Value = Bin>Qty  
                    This requires the items on hand bin location quantity on hand must be equal or greater than the b
                    ill of lading quantity on hand for that Bill of Lading Job#, Warehouse and Bin location.      Thi
                    s stops a negatative on hand from occuring.
                    If Bill of Lading is greater than the Bill of Lading will not post until the item is corrected.
                    
                    The O-S-5 Menu will print an exception report when the inventory on hand is less than the quantit
                    y to ship on the bill of lading.    This is specific to Job#, Warehouse and Bin Location.
                    
                    This report only prints the finished goods items that are too low.
                    If a customer has 50 items on the bill of lading, it is important to point the customer to the on
                    ly item that must be fixed.   Normally, they just need to change a job number or bin location or 
                    maybe a tag number.    The O-S-5 works perfectly.   However, customers the use O-S-1 do not see t
                    he exception report so it is a friendly feature that we must move to O-S-1 Print Icon.
                    
                    
                    See Attached.
O-S-1-   10241106 E N-K BOLFreight     Bill of Lading Freight Calculated by Freight Class
                    N-K-1 BOLFreight.    
                    Calculate freight based on Customers Shipto Delivery Zone or finished goods item freight class.  
                     Differerent material such as Foam, ChipBoard and Corrugated Flute are used to produce the finish
                    ed goods items that have different freight classifications.  The customer shipto only supports on
                    e delivery zone.   However that same shipto may ship both chipboard and corrugated, thus the ship
                    to delivery zone is too limited.   The  Finished Goods Item file has a freight classification for
                     each item.  The freight classification is effectively the same as the delivery zone found in the
                     shipto file. 
                    
                    Character Value = Shipto Delivery Zone.    The existing logic, the freight cost for the bill of l
                    ading is calculated on the customer shipto delivery zone and the orders common carrier.  The devl
                    ivery zone is not housed on the order, release, bill of lading or invoice.  This is only housed i
                    n the customer Customers Shipto file which is used to calcualte the freight cost.  
                     
                    Character Value = FGFreightClass  =  The (A-F-8) carrier file's delivery zone and zip code that m
                    atches the Finished Goods Items Freight Class will be used to calculate the freight.   Once the I
                    tems BOL weight is determined, the carriers freight rate table is used to calculate the freight c
                    ost.   The freight cost will be calculated for each Finished goods items Freight Class rather the
                    n the Delivery Zone.   The freight class must match an existing delivery zone in the A-F-8 Truck-
                    Carrier File.    The existing logic to calculate freight cost will be used, HOWEVER a new program
                     will be created to look at each line item on the bill of lading to determine the Freight Class (
                    ie Delivery Zone).  Each line item will calculate the cost once the correct delivery zone is dete
                    rmined.  For example, an esitmate for Chipboard material may have the Inks/Pack folder delivery c
                    ode set to 55 whereas an estimate for Corrugated material such as 200C may have a delivery code o
                    f 100.    This delivery zone is transferred to the finished goods item file (I-F-1) freight class
                     field.   The existing logic will be copied to calculate freight based ont the items Freight Clas
                    s and item weight per 100 pounds (Wt/100).  
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-S-1-   12291105 E N-K BOLFreight   BOL Freight Calc by Frt Class (Old Task 10241106)
                    New N-K-1 BOLFreight.    Calculate freight based on Customers Shipto Delivery Zone or finished go
                    ods item freight class.   
                    
                    Differerent material such as Foam, ChipBoard and Corrugated Flute are used to produce the finishe
                    d goods items that have different freight classifications.  The customer shipto only supports one
                     delivery zone.   However that same shipto may ship both chipboard and corrugated, thus the shipt
                    o delivery zone is too limited.   The  Finished Goods Item file has a freight classification for 
                    each item.  The freight classification is effectively the same as the delivery zone found in the 
                    shipto file. 
                    
                    Character Value = Shipto Delivery Zone.    The existing logic, the freight cost for the bill of l
                    ading is calculated on the customer shipto delivery zone and the orders common carrier.  The devl
                    ivery zone is not housed on the order, release, bill of lading or invoice.  This is only housed i
                    n the customer Customers Shipto file which is used to calcualte the freight cost.  
                     
                    Character Value = FGFreightClass  =  The (A-F-8) carrier file's delivery zone and zip code that m
                    atches the Finished Goods Items Freight Class will be used to calculate the freight.   Once the I
                    tems BOL weight is determined, the carriers freight rate table is used to calculate the freight c
                    ost.   The freight cost will be calculated for each Finished goods items Freight Class rather the
                    n the Delivery Zone.   The freight class must match an existing delivery zone in the A-F-8 Truck-
                    Carrier File.    The existing logic to calculate freight cost will be used, HOWEVER a new program
                     will be created to look at each line item on the bill of lading to determine the Freight Class (
                    ie Delivery Zone).  Each line item will calculate the cost once the correct delivery zone is dete
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 173

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    rmined.  For example, an esitmate for Chipboard material may have the Inks/Pack folder delivery c
                    ode set to 55 whereas an estimate for Corrugated material such as 200C may have a delivery code o
                    f 100.    This delivery zone is transferred to the finished goods item file (I-F-1) freight class
                     field.   The existing logic will be copied to calculate freight based ont the items Freight Clas
                    s and item weight per 100 pounds (Wt/100).  
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-S-3-   01041307 E N-K BOLFMT = CSC-GA   Change Freight Payment to Pull from OS1
                    Currently the  Bill of Lading Form was a COPY from Elite many years ago.
                    This pulls the Freight Payment Code from the Customer File.
                    The Release pulls the terms from the Order Header.
                    
                    Change BOL to Print Freight Payment Method from O-S-1 File.
                    This would be Prepaid, BIll, Collect or Third Party
O-S-3-   01141406 E N-K BOLFMT = PremierBroker    (Copy PremierX)
                    Copy N-K-1 BolFmt = PremierX.
                    New Format = PremierBroker
                    The Form will be Identical, however, the form will not print the LOGO.
                    
                    This will be added to N-K-1 BolFmt   View Form so they can Print this BOL by Customer.
O-S-3-   01191338 E N-K INVSTATUS - Invoice Status and Post Bills/Create Invoices One at T
                    New N-K-1 InvStatus.   
                    Logical Value = NO will continue to be existing Logic which creates all invoices as Released or H
                    OLD if  the A-F-1 Customer Invoice Method is set to GROUP by Date.    
                    
                    Logical Value = YES will activate this new Logic.
                    When Posting BOL's this will place all invoices to a Status of W for Waiting for Approval.  The O
                    nly exception will be HOLD status will continue to be set if the A-F-1 Customer Invoice Method is
                     set to GROUP by Date.   This will allow Sharp Shooter to Post Bill of Lading when Printing, ther
                    eby updating on hand inventory and creating Backorders immediately.   The O-B-1 HOLD/APPROVE butt
                    on will be modified to Release all Invoices with Status of W.  Users will find 1st Invoice with S
                    tatus of W and press Approve.
                    
                    Character Value = Blank or Batch will be existing logic for posting Bill of Ladings to Create Inv
                    oices which uses the Print Selection Screen for Range of Bill of Lading, Customers, etc.
                    
                    Character Value =  One BOL Only.   This will only allow the POST toggle Box or OS5 menu to post 1
                     Bill of Lading at a time.    The From and To Bill of Lading must Match in Character Value = One 
                    BOL ONly .   Print Option on the Menu O-S-1 via the Print ICON Post Toggle box.   O-S-3 Print Bil
                    l of Lading Post Toggle box and Sharp Shooter Print Bill of Lading Button to Allow only One Bill 
                    of Lading to Post.      Please note, N-K-1 SSBOLPrint parameter Integer Value = 1 will  Post the 
                    Bill of Lading during Sharp Shooter Printing BOL button.
                    
                    Currrently, problems occur when they accidently post more than one Bill of Lading Number.
                    Then they have to delete the Invoice to move it back to the bill of lading stage.
O-S-3-   01211009 E N-K BolFmt = Metro  (Copy Oracle)
                    Copy Oracle. Attached PDF showing the revised BOL.  The areas circled in red are new. 
                    1) Manufacture Date = Print the first finished goods receipt date on our BOL similar to I-R-2.
                    2) Trailer# =  Print Trailer Field from BOL Header
                    3) Seal # =  New field on BOL Header under Trailier.
                         12 characters with numbers and dashes, changes with every BOL.
                          (oe-bolh.airway-bill)
                    4) Net Weight =  Quantity of Each Line Item x Items Square Inches x Board Weight on Estimate.
                         FG Items Total folder houses the square inches.
                         BOL# will have Job#.  Job# will have FG Item and Board for that S/B.
                         RM Item for Board will have Basis Weight of Board (Weight per MSF)
                                   Therefore formula is 
                                   BOL Item Qty x Item Square Inches / 1000 = MSF
                                   The items MSF x Board Weight = Net Weight of Line Item.
                                   Grand Total all Line Items.
                    5) Gross Weight = Print BOL weight field listed on BOL Header.
                    6) Bottom of the BOL note:  
                         "All claims must be made within 30 days..." to read "10 days" instead.
                    (7) The attached PDF shows a new field entitled, "Ship From", which is circled in red. 
                    Add this field to the BOL, and display the warehouse location where the shipment is originating f
                    rom (MAIN, POMPT, CLIF, etc.). 
                    (8)  Add Shipped From Box next to SEAL and this will print Warehouse from SS BOL (Attached)
                    (9)  Change Column Heading, Carrier, to Carrier / SCAC. (stands for Standard Carrier Alpha Code 
O-S-3-   01251304 E N-K BOLCERT = PremierPkgM (Copy from PremierPkg)
                    Copy BOLCERT = PremierPkg to PremierPkgM.
                    Note: BOL Cert should automatically print as the last page when printing a BOL
                    
                    Changes to Certificate of Conformance:
                    1) Pull Customer Part Number: field from FG Item NAME field and ensure that 30 characters display
                    
                    2) Move "Vendor Manufacturing Batch Number" to bottom of label list.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 174

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    3) Next to "Vendor Manufacturing Batch Number" print the list of unique Job Numbers (and Job Numb
                    er 2) shown on OS1 View item Job Column.
                    4) Add "Signature:_____________________________" to bottom of form.
                    
O-S-3-   01291301 E N-K BOLCERT = Unipak-xl   New Certificate of Compliance Form
                    Apparently the generated Cert of Comp is pulling the total case count from the sales order and no
                    t the case count from the Bill of Lading being shipped.  See attached file for sample.
O-S-3-   02061307 E N-K BOLCERT = PremierPkgM  - Additional changes
                    BOLCERT = PremierPkg to PremierPkgM.
                    Note: BOL Cert should automatically print as the last page when printing a BOL
                    
                    Changes to Certificate of Conformance:
                    1) Pull Customer Part Description: field from FG Item Description 1 field and ensure that 30 char
                    acters display
                    2) Remove Manufacturing Date Line and add tag receipt dates next to each job listed in the Vendor
                     Manufacturer Batch number list.  This date will be the transaction date of the receipt for the t
                    ag on the BOL Line.
                    3) Pull "Customer Specification/Drawing No/Revision No:" from SPC/QC number of estimate or fg fil
                    e if estimate not available
                    
O-S-3-   02081302 E N-K BOLFMT = MetroTags - Add Customer Lot #
                    1. Revise heading in first column to read: Part#/Lot#
                    2. Display Customer Lot# field (from Order Release screen) on second line under Part #.
O-S-3-   02191403 E N-K BOLFMT = Loylang & INVPRINT = Loylang - Add Description 3
                    Add Description Line #3 for finished goods to the Loy Lange BOL and Invoice forms.
                    This should print immediately beneath the Description Line #2 that already prints.
                    The forms include:
                    BOLFMT = LoyLang
                    INVPRINT = LoyLang
                    INVPRINT = LoyLangJIT
                    INVPRINT = LoyLangBSF
                    
                    Note: Since the Invoice Line does not have a description 3, the Description 3 from the order line
                     should be used.
O-S-3-   02221003 E N-K BolFmt = Metro  (Copy OTTPkg)
                    Copy Oracle. Attached PDF showing the revised BOL.  The areas circled in red are new. 
                    1) Manufacture Date = Print the first finished goods receipt date on our BOL similar to I-R-2.
                    2) Trailer# =  Print Trailer Field from BOL Header
                    3) Seal # =  New field on BOL Header under Trailier.
                         12 characters with numbers and dashes, changes with every BOL.
                          (oe-bolh.airway-bill)
                    4) Net Weight =  Quantity of Each Line Item x Items Square Inches x Board Weight on Estimate.
                         FG Items Total folder houses the square inches.
                         BOL# will have Job#.  Job# will have FG Item and Board for that S/B.
                         RM Item for Board will have Basis Weight of Board (Weight per MSF)
                                   Therefore formula is 
                                   BOL Item Qty x Item Square Inches / 1000 = MSF
                                   The items MSF x Board Weight = Net Weight of Line Item.
                                   Grand Total all Line Items.
                    5) Gross Weight = Print BOL weight field listed on BOL Header.
                    6) Bottom of the BOL note:  
                         "All claims must be made within 30 days..." to read "10 days" instead.
                    (7) The attached PDF shows a new field entitled, "Ship From", which is circled in red. 
                    Add this field to the BOL, and display the warehouse location where the shipment is originating f
                    rom (MAIN, POMPT, CLIF, etc.). 
                    (8)  Add Shipped From Box next to SEAL and this will print Warehouse from SS BOL (Attached)
                    (9)  Change Column Heading, Carrier, to Carrier / SCAC. (stands for Standard Carrier Alpha Code 
O-S-3-   02221106 E N-K BOLFMT = DEE w/Int Val = 1 (Copy OTTPkg)
                    Copy OTTPkg, rename "DEE",  and make the following modifications to NK1 BOLFMT OTTPkg with Intege
                    r Value 1:
                    1) Use Dee Logo (images/dee.jpg).
                    2) Add "Ship-To" phone number below "Ship To" address.
                    3) Remove Pallet Column (PAL)
                    4) Remove the line at the bottom that begins "ALL CLAIMS MUST BE MADE...." and everything
                         below it.
                    5) Print "FREIGHT CODE NMFC 029280      CLASS 55" centered at the very bottom.
                    6) Move Shipping Instructions and everything below it as far down as possible.
O-S-3-   02221202 E N-K BOLFMT = SOULE  (Copy XPRINT)  $75 per hour
                    Attached:  New Bill of Lading form called Soule
                    Copy (XPrint) that we would like to make our own by making the following changes:
                    
                    1)  Add Soule Logo in place of the Name from the Customer X status.
                          If logical value = NO, the Company Name may not print from the customer file.
                          In any event, this will be replaced with the Soule Packaging Logo
                    2)  BOL# Under the BOL #, we want the Order # to show up.
                    3)  Replace the Existing Email Address under Address.
                          Currently this prints the email address from the customer file for customer with Status X.
                          Replace this with the email address from the User ID file under N-U.
                          This is found in the following manner.
                          Find customer file.   Click the EMPLOYEE ICON on the far right with two people.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 175

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          First User Id will be the contact for this customer.
                          Next search the N-Users file for that User ID and import that email address.
                    4)  Center the columns or the information under the columns
                    5)  In small print above the "Shipping Instructions", please write the following:
                         "Customer responsible to inspect incoming material for any possible damage and verification 
                    of count.   Once bill of lading / receiver is signed, customer accepts responsibility of product.
                    ? 
                    
                    
                    Phone Number & Contact Name is prints from the Customer SHIPTO file.
O-S-3-   02221301 E N-K BOLFMT = Carded
                    N-K-1 BolFmt = Carded   See Attached
                    
                    1.  In column heading PO# modify to "PO # / LOT #"
                    2.  Print the Job Number under the Lot# Column under the PO# field
                    3.  Add column heading "# PAL" before "units"
                    4.  Add field to pull number of pallets shipping from the system
                    5.  Change column heading "Units" to "Cases"
                    6.  Change label from "Total Units" to "Total Pallets"
                    7.  In Grand Totals Box, Add Label called "Total Cases" under "Total Pallets"
                    8.  IN Grand Totals Box,  Print Total Cases for all lines to the right of Total Cases.
                    
O-S-3-   02261002 E N-K BolFmt = Metro Manufacture date incorrect per mod
                    Example on their system BOL#7636 this is showing a Manufacture date of  07/30/09.  This should sh
                    ow the earliest receipt date for this job/item which is Feb/2010 
                    
                    This was the original request for manufacture Date.  
                    1) Manufacture Date = Print the first finished goods receipt date on our BOL similar to I-R-2.
O-S-3-   02261015 E N-K BOLFMT = PremierX   Change Columns to Match Premier BOL
                    Our current BODY / Line item portion of the Premier BOL is formatted is older text format, but ha
                    s required column fields of data.   The PremierX form uses Xprint and is the nice desired format.
                      However, the columns on Premier BOL must be duplicated on the PremierX format.
                    For example, Job# and Order# must be under same column.
                    
                    Rearrage columns / add new data fields on PremierX to match the Premier BOL.
                    Body of Columns should be
                    Item#/Order#    
                    PO#/Job#   
                    Cust Part# / Description   (Description is Item Name, Description 1, Description 2.
                    Units        (Total Units for Same Quantity) 
                    Per Unit  (Quantity per Unit)
                    Total       Total Item Quantity.
                    
                    
                    For example, if they shipped 10 units with 500 per unit and 2 with 400. This would read.
                    Units   Per Unit      Total
                    10         500
                    2           400              5,800
O-S-3-   03021203 E N-K BOLFMT = Soule   ($75 / Hour)
                    1) Add new column called "Line#" before Part# .
                    2) Combine columns called Part#   and Column called Finished Good# as 2nd Column
                    3)  Expand Description field to handle into the space of the 
                    4)  Change column heading called Description to Description / Components".  
                    5)   Soule Form was copied from Xprint which allows checked toggle box.
                          Enable the toggle box  "Print Assembled Components?" when N-K-1 BolFmt = Soule.
                          This already works when this is N-K-1 BolFmt = Xprint
                          Then the components should print.
O-S-3-   03061211 E N-K BOLCERT = Unipak-XL  (Copy and rename ACPI)
                    Copy Unipak-XL C of C and re-name to ACPI (see attachment) with the following modifications:
                    
                    1.  Replace Logo and Address to  American Carton and Polybag Data
                    2.  Below the words "Certificate of Conformance", remove Customer Name.
                    3.  Change "Customer Order Number:" to Customer PO Number.
                            This will print the Customer PO# listed on the BOL Lines
                    4.  Change "Vendor Order Number:" to "ACP Order Number:"
                    5.  Change "Vendor Manufacturing Batch Number:" to "ACP Manufacturing Lot Number:"
                            This will print the Job# listed on the BOL Lines for the 1st Tag# for that FG item.
                             If Tag# is blank, then print the Job# for the 1st BOL line for the FG Item
                             If the Tag# and Job# is Blank, print Vendor PO# from Items Bin File.
                             If Tag#, Job# and Bin File PO# is blank, then Do Not Print
                    6.  Remove "Manufactured Date:"
                    7.  Remove "Release Date".
                    
                    Please note, Customer PO# is on the BOL Line.
                    The Vendor PO# is only located in the FG items Bin File .
                    
                    TESTING
                    OS1 (BOL Maintenance)
                    Find order 204154
                    Click Print button.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 176

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Select "Certificate of Compliance" instead of BOL.
O-S-3-   03101106 E N-K BOLFMT = Peachtree
                    Mods:
                    1) Place a line across the page between each item.
                    2) Number the pages.   (Use XPRINT auto numbering, consult Eric on how to do this) 
                    3) Do not split items onto different pages - see ASI BOL 3989.
                    4) Move Ship-To to the right - see attachment - see attached BOL 3348.
                    
                    Fix issues from original task#03071110
O-S-3-   03111304 E Add help to the toggle boxes.
                    Can we have help for each Toggle Box
                    If we select a toggle box and pres F3 can we have help for that toggle box 
                    We need to document box such as Print Barcode by Part Number
                    We need to document Print Bins/Tag
                    Email Advanced Ship Notice
                    Commercial Invoice
                    Print Freight Bill / Logo
O-S-3-   03191002 E N-K BolFmt = APC, Xprint
                    See Attachments
                    There are some changes that need to be make before the users conference.
                    
                    Copy from Xprint2 form but add the weight column to APC and Xprint
O-S-3-   03231105 E N-K BOLFMT = Peachtree
                    Mods:
                    1) Place a line across the page between each item.
                    2) Number the pages.
                    3) Do not split items onto different pages - see ASI BOL 3989.
                    4) Move Ship-To to the right - see attachment - see attached BOL 3348.
                    
                    Fix issues from original task#03071110
O-S-3-   03261203 E N-K BOLFMT = CSCIN
                    We have a certification stamp that we are having to place on every BOL copy.  
                    Add the certification to the bottom of the form.  
                    See sample for placement.
                    
                    This requires changing how the Notes Print.
                    This requires changing how the number of lines print.
                    
                    Note: Certification stamp attached to task.
O-S-3-   03291106 E N-K BOLFMT = PeachTree
                    Print a "P" after the Total for Partials.
                    Only make the change for Partial or Complete.
                    This is the field from the BOL Line  (See Attachment called Partial or Complete Field).
                    Please see attachment dated 4/13.
O-S-3-   03301101 E N-K BOLFMT = Badger
                    Remove the words "Sold To" from BOL - see attached.
                    
O-S-3-   03311105 E N-K BolFmt = Protagon
                    Copy FibreX Bill of Lading and make changes.
                    1)  Change Logo to Progtagon
                    
O-S-3-   04051109 E N-K BOLCERT = PremierPkg   (Copy Unipak Certificate of Compliance Form
                    Copy Unipak Certificate of Compliance (COC) & add Premier Packaging Logo and make it XPRINT.   El
                    iminate the Signature Line and Unipak info at top.
                    
                    1)  N-K-BolCert  View FORM Character Value  F1 will Show PremierPkg.
                    2)  When N-K-BolCert  View CONTROL Character Value = Blank
                          and N-K-BolCert  View Form Character Value  = PremierPg for ATT1000 (Attached)
                          This will print the VIEW FORM  Character Value for that Customer..
                    4)  Both BOL and Certificate of Compliance should both Print when the VIEW FORM is defined.
                          After priniting the Bill of Lading for this customer, automatically print the COC
                          For example,  when I print a Bill of Lading for customer ATT1000.
                          The Bill of Lading will print with its current logic.
                          Then the Certificate should Print based on the N-K-1 BolCert Character Value.  
                         This will work for BOLFMT = PremierX or PremierpX and assume the CoC format is       Premier
                    Pkg.
                    
                    
                    Please note,   When printing the Bill of Lading with N-K-1 BolFmt character Value must = PremierX
                     or PremierP the Certificate of Compliance will also print when N-K-1 BOLCert has a customer defi
                    ned on the VIEW FORM tab and the Character Value = PremierPkg
O-S-3-   04071103 E N-K BOLFMT = Lamar Pkg   New Bill of Lading
                    N-K-1 BolFmt  = Lamar Pkg   (See Attached)    
                    Design this in Xprint or Excel whichever is easier.
                    This will be added to the VIEW CONTROL character value.
                    
                    To Test, add this form to customer ATT1000 under the View Folder folder of N-K-1 BolFmt
                    Print a bill of lading for ATT1000 and this new form will print.
                    
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 177

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Not Sure if .JPG Attached will work?
                    
O-S-3-   04121122 E N-K BOLFMT - CapCityIN
                    BOL mods not yet "perfect":
                    1) A line needs to skip between item total line and the next item (see attached).
                    2) On multi-page BOL's, more line items should  print.  There is room (see attached).
O-S-3-   04131104 E N-K BolFmt = Protagon
                    Copy XPRINT Bill of Lading and make changes.
                    Integer Value = 1.
                    Logical Value = No or Yes will print the Progtagon Logo
                    
O-S-3-   04131105 E N-K BOLFMT = CSC-GA  ($75 per hour Continuation of Original Mod)
                    Copy Unitizing Logic from XPRINT to CSC-GA
                    See Attached.
                    
                    Eric and Wade to Work Together.
O-S-3-   04151102 E N-K BOLHOLD? Bill of Lading HOLD status when Quantity Exceeds Overrun
                    Re-prints of posted BOLs should need to be removed from hold status by Knight before printing whe
                    n the overrun% is exceeded.  See task 04111102.
                    
                    
                    ASI Response.
                    Logic will be added to Not Print BOL on HOLD
                    A bill of lading cannot be posted unless printed.
                    A bill of lading that is on hold cannot be printed.
                    Therefore reprinting a posted bill of lading must have been approved in order to post.
O-S-3-   04161025 E N-K Bolfmt = Fibrex
                    Form to print FOB from release line of the order, if blank from the header screen of the order,.
                    Freight Payment method should print from the BOL header screen.
O-S-3-   04181101 E N-K BOLFMT = MIDWESTX    Copy Xprint BOL and make Changes
                    Copy N-K-1 BolFmt = XPRINT Form and call new form MidwestX
                    Midwest form is shown as reference only.   See Attached.
                    
                    Changes to new MidwestX form are listed below and on Attachment dated 04/29/2011:
                    
                    Top Section of Form.
                    1)  Add Midwest Logo
                    2)  Keep existing Xprint blocks as they are.
                    
                    Body of Form
                    1)  Change PO# Lable  to PO# / Job# and print data on two lines.
                    2)  Remove Weight on far Right of Form.
                    3)  Remove P/C for Partial Complete on form.
                    
                    Footer Section of From.
                    See Attached 04/29/2011
                    Take Program Logic from MidWest form for Weight and Total Square Footage.
                    
                    
O-S-3-   04191107 E N-K BOLFMT = PremierCX (Copy PremierX)
                    Create new N-K-1 BOLFmt = PremierCX 
                    Copy from PremierX
                    Change Fax to:  (630) 694-3869
O-S-3-   04211102 E N-K BOLFMT = CSC-GA
                    Modify existing form:  See Attached.
                    1) "Date" (upper right-hand corner) should be the current date, for example, if they print the BO
                    L
                         on the 1st, the date should be 04/01/2011.  If they reprint the BOL on the 2nd.  The date on
                     the
                         reprint should be 04/02/2011.
                    2) Change the header (on the left, under customer address) "Date" to "Due Date" - This should
                         pull the "Date" from the Release folder, NOT the "Due Date" from the View Order folder.
                    3) Re-name the header "Carrier" to "Trailer#, but do NOT change what prints below it.
                    4) Remove current header "Trailer#", but do NOT change what prints in the field below it.
                         There should be no heading in the current "Trailer#" field.
                    
                    
                    ASI Notes.
                    Please note, the release date which prints as the Due Date is for the First Item on the Bill of L
                    ading Screen.    It is possible to have multiple items with different release dates so this form 
                    WILL NOT print correct dates.   Only solution is to print release date for the first finished goo
                    ds item listed on the bill of lading in the COLUMN HEADING called Due Date..
O-S-3-   04221012 E N-K BOLFMT = HOP
                    Print "Desc 1" from item file below Desc 2 on BOL (see attachment).
O-S-3-   04261113 E N-K BOLCERT = PremierPkg
                    Copy Unipak Certificate of Compliance (COC) & add Premier Packaging Logo and make it XPRINT.   El
                    iminate the Signature Line and Unipak info at top.
                    Print BOL and Certificate of Compliance at same time.  
                    N-K-1 BolFmt must = PremierPkg and BolCert View Form must be Premier Pkg
                    In premiere BOL .p, put code to output cofc if customer is in view form list.  
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 178

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    This way BOL and CofC will be together.  Multiple Bols and CofCs have to work,pass in bol to CofC
                     program.  Has to work by itself also.
                    
                    
                    Change Logo to Premier Pkg Logo.
                    This now prints Lamar Pkg Logo.
O-S-3-   04261207 E N-K BOLFMT = AccordBC (Int Val = 1)
                    Modifications existing BOL (ASI example = BOL 5588) - see attachments:
                    1) Change column heading "Part#" to "Part#/Order#" and print order# below part#.
                    2) Change column heading "PO#" to "PO#/Job#" and print the job #s below the PO#s.
                    3) Remove the bar codes from the page(s) with items listed.  
                         DO NOT remove the bar codes
                         from the pages showing the TAG#s.
                    3) Add selection box to parameter screen "Print Bins/Tags".
                        NOTE:  This should only effect the first page(s), not the Bar Code pages with the Tag#s.
                    4) If new selection box (#3 above) is checked, print the Bins and Tag#s in the FG#s column
                         under the information that currently prints and beside the corresponding job (added in
                         step 2 above).
O-S-3-   04291001 E N-K BOLFMT = CSC-GA  (COPY ELITE)
                    See Attached.  Copy Elite Form and make changes per attached.
                    Elite's BOL sorts by FG Item by PO# by  Order#.
                    ***Add Toggle Box to Consolidate the FG Item only. 
                    We only want each item to print once (as our current form does).
                    
                    (ESP - CSC needs to set their N-K-1 BOLFMT int value to 1 then it should consolidate by FG Item o
                    nly.  I don't think we need to Add a new toggle box.  I couldn't connect to their system to see t
                    heir value).
                    
                    The Bill To address on the invoice needs to be located so that it shows in the window of a standa
                    rd Number 10 Window envelope.
                    
                    (ESP - What does invoice have to do with this BOL change?)
                    
                    (AH - there's another task for a new invoice form for CSC GA, is this Bill to address for that ot
                    her task?)
O-S-3-   05051106 E N-K BOLFMT = Lamar Pkg
                    Print ASI Bill of Lading4056  for ATT-2297.
                    Integer Value = 1
                    Lamar Bill of Lading form to summarize by Tag Number.
                    This format only shows SHIP Quantity and does not print the unit counts.
                    Print TOTAL quantity shipped.
                    
                    Copy Logic from N-K-1 BolFmt =  XPrint. 
                    Xprint prints a summary of unit counts then prints Totals for each FG item.
                    
                    The Larmar should ONLY print the TOTAL QTY shipped in the Shipped Quantity.
                    The Bill of Lading 4056 has 3 line items representing 3 pallets (Tags).
                    They only ONE,  1,  only 1,  summarize to 1 thats ONE,  ONE.  ONE ONLY
                    1 LINE printing Total Qty.
                    1 LINE printing Total Qty.
                    1 LINE printing Total Qty.
                    1 LINE printing Total Qty.
                    1 LINE printing Total Qty.
                    1 LINE printing Total Qty.
                    1 LINE printing Total Qty.
                    1 LINE printing Total Qty.
                    
                    
O-S-3-   05101004 E N-K Bolfmt = Fibre
                    Form to print FOB from release line of the order, if blank from the header screen of the order,.
                    Freight Payment method should print from the BOL header screen.
                    This is the FIBRE form
                    
                    05/10/10 (AH) fob is not displayed. added to heading area, label "FOB"
                    
O-S-3-   05201003 E N-K BOLFMT = Knight (Copy Oracle)  Interger Value = 1 to Summarize by
                    Copy Oracle form and use Knight Logo.
                    Change logic when integer value = 1 to summarize by FG item code.
                    (Logic for Xprint has the logic to summarize all tag numbers into 1 line.
O-S-3-   05241201 E N-K BOLFMT = TRILAKESLOT#     (Copy TriLakesX)
                    Copy TriLakesX Bill of Lading.
                    Replace the PO# that currently prints with the Lot# on the BOL Line.
                    The View Form folder will be defined as TriLakesLot#
                    The View Control folder will be defined as TriLakesX
                    
                    Print ASI Bill of Lading 5505. 
                    The PO# is Kent PO#.
                    The Lot# is Zoda PO#.
O-S-3-   05251107 E N-K BolFmt  = PackRite    (Copy Xprint and Print FG Freight Class)
                    PackRite is using  Xprint which cannot be changed.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 179

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    1)  Copy Xprint and create new release ticket called PackRite.
                    2)  Print Freight Class Description on new form N-K-1 BolPrint = PackRite
                          Only the 1st FG items Freight Class will print.
                          See Attached.
O-S-3-   05261111 E N-K BOLFMT = MIDWESTX
                    Print ASI bill of Lading 4124  (See Attached)
                    
                    1)  Print Pallets from the O-S-1 View Folder TOP section.  
                          They may change this the Total Pallets.     
                           This should print at the bottom right bill of lading totals.
                           
                    2)  Move heading Units over.   This will print Units and Qty/Unit in Same Block.
                          Move Data to print under this block.   Remove Line with Units.
                    
                    3)   Expand Item Name to print 30 Characters.   
                    
                    4)   Move Item Description 2,3,4 to print under DESCRIPTION after expanding field to 30 
                    
                    5)   Print Selection Box "Print Ship Notes"  must be updateable.
                           Xprint allows this to be updated.
                           MidWestX should also allow this to be printed.
                    
                    6)  Move the Heading "Shipping Instructions" down 2-3 lines
                          Print 1 Line Above the actual typed ship notes data.
                    
                    
                    
O-S-3-   05301406 E N-K-1 BOLFMT = SouleMed    (Copy N-K-1 BolFmt = Soule to make new Form
                    Changes that we need made to the Medical BOL's. 
                    There are multiple screen shots with notes on each section that we would like changed.  Please se
                    e attached file and let me know how quick we can get this done.
                    
                    1) John will change Logo.   No Programming needed.
                    2) Program standard note on attached in New Form.
                        Existing Ship Notes will print from the SHIP NOTES Tab in the O-S-1 the Bill of Lading.
                        They will print under the new Notes Comment.
                    3)  See Other Changes Attached Changes.
O-S-3-   05311103 E N-K BOLFMT = Badger
                    When entering an order in OU1 the freight charges choice are Prepaid, collect, bill or 3rd party.
                     If I chose BILL this prints on the BOL.   
                    
                    When O-S-1 bill of lading shows freight as BILL, print the words "Prepay & Add" on the the Badger
                     Bill of Lading Format. 
                    
                    When the BOL is marked as "B" for Bill, print the words "Prepay & Add".
O-S-3-   06031303 E N-K BOLFmt = CCC  Integer Value =1  to Summarize by Tag
                    N-K-1 BolFmt = Xprint 
                    Integer Value = 1 will summarize by tag number.
                    Print BOL# 6818.
                    This will print the item line just 1 time.
                    However, the separate and unique unit counts will print on multiple lines.
                    
                    Move this Logic to N-K-1 BolFmt = CCC
O-S-3-   06041406 E Add From BOL Date _______    To BOL Date  ______  to Print Selection
                    Add New Print Selection Range
                    From BOL Date  99/99/99                  To BOL Date  99/99/99     
                    
                    If the BOL Date is not within this Range, the BOL will not print.           
O-S-3-   06091101 E N-K BolFmt = PeachtreeeBC  (Add Bar Code)  (Copy Peachtree)
                    Add a barcoded BOL #  to our Peachtree BOL so that we can scan and file automatically.  
                    I have marked two places that would be fine, as I know we may need to have another (larger)barcod
                    e when we start using Sharp Shooter, so use your discretion as to where best placement is
                    
                    As far as type I believe Code 128 would work, size must be larger than 6 point. I would think 20 
                    Pt. would be good
                    
                    Xprint: http://www.4gl.fr/English/us1.htm
                    
                    
                    Please Note.
                    N-K-1 RelPrint = PremierX currently prints a BarCode.
                    You can view this form to copy logic for printing the BarCode.
                    
                    Only the BOL # will be bar coded.
                    The boxes notated on the attachment are the desired areas. 
O-S-3-   06131104 E N-K BOLFMT = CapCityIN
                    See attached ASI BOL 4214 - Move Notes as shown on attachment and add a straight line between ite
                    ms.  Do NOT skip a line after the notes before printing the line across.  Skip a line below the l
                    ine across the page before printing the next item.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 180

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
O-S-3-   06191202 E N-K BOLCERT = Unipak-xl   New Certificate of Compliance Form
                    Please find the attached revision to our Certificate of Compliance,
                    N-K BOLCERT= UNIPAK-XL
                    See Attached Original Task and New Task Requests.
                    
                    1) New Excel Form with new company logo and formatting changes to print to single page
                    2) New/Corrected company contact information
                    3) Removed Customer Name field
                    4) Add:   Die Number (From FG Item File View Tab)
                                     Carton Dimensions ((From FG Item File Totals Tab)
                                      Ink Colors  (This is Color Description from INKS Tab that prints on Quote Form)
                    
                                                            (This requires the Estimate Number from the FG ITem View 
                    Folder)
                                      Carton Material  (Board Material Description from Job File by FG Items Form 1)
                                                                       (This transfers from Estimate based on Form)
                                      # of Cases shipped  (Number of Units Listed on BOL for All BOL Lines)
                    
                    The excell file "UnipakCofC(rev)_06-15-12.xlsx"
                    is saved in the RCODE\Templates folder on the N: Drive.  
                    
O-S-3-   06241104 E N-K BOLFMT = Hughes & Integer Value = 1
                    Summarize by Bill of Lading format by Tag# 
                    This would summarize like the N-K-1 BOLFmt = Premier or XPRINT.
                    They dont want every tag# to Print.
                    This will summarize by FG item.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-S-3-   06251002 E N-K BOLFMT = IMPERIAL quoted per hour, not to exceed $225 or two hours
                    Customer has new Dot Matrix Printer and now when they print their BOLs everything is shifted down
                     one line.  Need the form to be re-aligned to print up one line (see attachment).
                    
                    Since this is a dot matrix form we will make changes and send over to Imperial for testing.  We c
                    annot guarantee this will be correct in the alloted  time frame.
                    
                    ESP - 8/19 Waiting for response from Imperial.
O-S-3-   06301406 E N-K BolFmt = CapitolBC   Copy ConsBox and Add new Page with BarCodes
                    N-K-1 BolFmt - CapitolBC    (This will be used on the VIEW FORM tab)
                    Quote Excludes Bag/Label Page Attached)
                    New Form will utilize XPRINT with Xprint Bar Codes.
                    All bar codes shall be Code 3 of 9, also known as Alpha39, Code 39, Code 3/9, Type 39, USS Code 3
                    9, or USD-3. There must be at least a  inch gap between the barcode and any border on the shippi
                    ng label. 
                    1) Copy ConsBox bill of Lading Format and use Capitol Container, Alabama Logo
                         This format will continue to print.
                    2) New CapitialBC form will print summary page as an Additional Page 
                        that summarizes the BOL Lines.   Heading with Bar Codes will be:
                        a)  Packing List#    =  Bill of Lading Number
                        b) Release#            =  Release# on the O-S-1 Bill of Lading Screen
                        c)  PO#                      =  1st BOL Lines Customer PO#
                        d)  ASN#   (Sequential Number starting at the number from field NK1 BolFmt Dec Value)
                                          Logic to use the DECIMAL value from N-K-1 BolFmt View Form.
                                          The VIEW FORM by customer dictates the ASN#.   
                                         Only customers defined on the NK1 BolFmt View Form will increment this ASN#.
                    
                                         ASN# must be Incremented by 1 for each Bill of Lading Printed.
                                         For Example.  NK1 BOlFmt View From Customer = Rheem and Dec Value = 100.
                                         The 1st printed BOL with status of Unprinted will print ASN# 100.
                                         Each BOL for Rheem should have a new ASN# incremented by 1.
                                        The Printing of the BOL will increment this number when BOL Status is UNPRINT
                    ED.
                                        REPRINTING the Bill of Lading  will not increment this Number.
                                        Each client that is defined on the VIEW form can have a unique internal numbe
                    r.
                    3)  Body of Form will print Bar Codes for Follwoing  (See attached)
                         a)  Customer Part#
                         b)  Quantity Shipped
                         c)   UOM
O-S-3-   07131004 E N-K BOLFMT = kdwillsx (Copy from PremierX)
                    Please remove Premier Logo and add the address (see attached).
O-S-3-   07181403 E N-K BOLFMT = Soule   (Add FedX#  to Bill of Lading)
                    N-K-1 BolFmt = Soule  See Attached.
                    
                    1)  Add new Label to right of Shipping Instructions:    Recipient ID:    
                          This will print the new FedX Number 
                           From the Customer Ship To File.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 181

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
O-S-3-   07211105 E N-K BOLFMT = CapCityIN
                    See attached BOL -  
                    Print ASI Bill of Lading 4465
                    Notes belong on Page 1 - 
                    There should not be a page break until Page 1 is full except for reserved space for TOTALS.
                    
                    
O-S-3-   07251305 E N-K BOLCERT = ACPI
                    Changes to Existing BOLCERT = ACPI
                    
                    Leave top section as is with no changes or movement of anything.
                    1) in the Bottom section add the Description Line 1 and Description Line 2 below the Customer Par
                    t Description.
                    2) Change Drawing Number to Drawing/Cad Number
                    3) Remove Customer Specification/Drawing Cad Number
                    4) Abbreviate ACP Manufacturing Lot Number to ACP Mfg Lot Number
                    5) Add Additional Information with two lines for write-in information
                    6) Add signature line after "Signed By" followed by the current date field.
O-S-3-   08031104 E N-K BOLFMT = ACPI (Copy Elite and re-name)
                    Copy BOLFMT Elite and rename ACPI with the following mod: (see attachment)
                    1) Print "Desc 3:" below "Desc 2:"
                    
                    
                    Skip Description lines if they are blank to save paper.
                    In other words, if only Description 1 exists, and description 2 and 3 are blank.
                    then do not print a line of spaces for description 2 & description 3
O-S-3-   08071406 E N-K BOLFMT = CCC - Add Form & Blank to Job # field
                    1. Remove the Job# field from the header section.
                    2. Change headers to be 
                    Date |  FOB  |  Carrier |   NMFC#  | Class  | Freight Terms |   
                    Break the NMFC# cand Class into separate boxes.  Leave the height of the box the same but move th
                    e labels all to the bottom line.
                    3. Change the Part # header to Part # / Job #
                    4. Add the job number plus the Form and Blank number (in the form #####-FB like the other 3C form
                     mods) to each BOL Item line below the Part #.
                    
O-S-3-   08081106 E N-K BOLFMT = Peachtree.  Add phone# for customer and shipto address
                    1)  Add shipto and bill to phone#'s to the bol Form
                    2)  Need to add barcode for the bill of lading number.  
                    3)  This will need to be in the 3 of 9 format.  
                          The BOL# will be prefaced and ended with and * (astric)      so it will read  *1234*
                    4)   When the bol is scanned, the system will read this number and save this to the location defi
                    ned in the N-K BOLSign folder.
O-S-3-   08081404 E N-K BOLCERT = CCC  - Add Form and Blank to Job number
                    New BOLCERT = CCC   "Certificate of Compliance" is chosen from the BOL Print interface.
                    
                    See page 2 of attached.
                    Add Form & Blank to the field called "3C! Packaging (Vendor) Shop Order (Batch) Number:
                    The number should appear as 30201-11 (for form 1 blank 1).
                    
O-S-3-   08121317 E N-K INVPRINT = Century BOX
                    Example on our System Posted Invoice# 7143
                    When reprinting and Invoice, and the misc field is showing a negative amount the system is displa
                    ying 
                    ** Value -10 cannot be displayed using >>,>>9.99
                    
O-S-3-   08151202 E N-K BolFmt = Protagon   (To Print Spec Notes)
                    Protagon Bill of Lading was a copy of the XPRINT form.
                    Integer Value = 1 summarizes tag numbers
                    
                    Add new Toggle Box option:
                    Print Spec Notes _______________________________________________
                    This would be similar to printing the logic for printing deparment notes.
                    
                    The SPEC Notes are under the Book Icon in I-F-1, O-U-1 and E-C.
                    The user can type multiple SPEC groups notes separated by commas.
                    Only the 1st Spec Note Line will print as the last Line under the FG Item Description.
                    
                    For example, the SPEC Notes for SN1, SN2, SN3, SN4 will print under the FG Item Descriptoin as fo
                    llows: 
                    
                    SN1   Job# kfkakjkj
                    SN2    Lot#   456897980895
                    SN3    Press Number.
                    SN4    Spec  Note D5
                    
                    Please note, the Spec Group Code SN1, SN2, SN3 and SN3 will not print.
                    Please note, Spec Notes are tied to FG Item, hence will print on every BOL regardless of the orde
                    r or job number.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 182

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
O-S-3-   08211203 E N-K BOLFMT = Hughes   (BJ wroten this as BOLPOST = Hughes)
                    When Printing a BOL for a transfer item, the BOL prints the customer# as the actual customer's ad
                    dress.  They would like the "T"ransfer BOL to not show the actual customer# but show it is coming
                     from Hughes.
                    
                    
                    Joes Notes. 
                    I have no clue what to look for when testing this based on description above.
                    I created BOL  6117 & 6118 but neither prints the Hughes Logo.
                    Only information for customer is the Shipto.
                    Works as requested (BJ)
                    
                    
O-S-3-   08211209 E N-K BOLFMT = Multicell   (Copy Xprint Form)
                    See attachment for modifications with expanation and changes below.
                    New BOLFMT for Multicell (MULTICELL) copied from BOLFMT = XPrint
                    please note, all logic for brokers utilized with Xprint must be moved to Multicell Form.
                    ie.  the Shipto field called Broker, when checked will print the SOLDTO as the Company Logo
                    1)  Remove Soldto Address
                    2)  Change Column 1 to read Order# / Job#
                          The Data under the Order# will print the O-U-1 Item Tab Cust PO#
                          The Data under the Job# will print the O-U-1 Item Tab Job# 
                    3)  Change Column 2 to read Your PO# 
                          The data under this column will print the O-U-1 Item Description 1 field.
                           This is where they will type the customers PO# that could be over 15 characters.
                           Our PO# field only support 15 characters.
                    4)  Change Column 3 to read  Item Part# 
                          This will pull from Item Name Field via O-U-1 Item Folder which is created from E-C Spec   
                         Tab.    Our part# is too small so they are using the Item Name Field
                    5)  Ship Notes Print from BOL Ship Notes Tab.   Print 4 Lines from O-S-1 Bill of Lading
                          This transfers from A-F-1 Customer Shipto File Ship Notes to O-U-1 Release Folder  to O-T-1
                     Ship Notes Tab  then  to O-S-1 Bill of Lading.
                    Under this note print the following
                    Class 70 NMFC Item 153290 Interior Packaging Products.  Not Corrugated. Do not stack anything on 
                    top of this product.  Do not break down skids.
O-S-3-   08211406 E N-K BOLFMT = CardedBC  (See Attached Changes with 2nd Page Bar Codes)
                    Our deadline for this project is 9/12/14.  
                    Copy N-K-1 BolFmt = CardedBC  
                    (Copy Carded for 1st page & add 2nd Page with Bar Codes from CapitolBC)
                    Page 1 Top Section
                          The field for the Bill to and Shipto city names are too short
                          Expand City Name to fix max size in the Customer File.
                    Page 1 Body
                        a) 3rd Column Change Heading to FG Item / Description
                            The top line in the 3rd column now prints the Customer Part#
                            Replace the Customer Part# with the FG #            
                        b) Change the Heading Cases to a 2 line heading =                             
                             Total                                                                         
                              Cases 
                        c)  Change the Heading Count to a 2 line heading =                             
                              Qty per                                                                       
                              Case                                                                          
                    PAGE 2
                    a) See the attached pdf "Sabra Packing List" for how we would like the layout to appear.
                    b) All barcodes are 128 format at 1" minimum height 
                    c) When complete, we will need a print out to send to our customer for final approval. 
                    See the CapitalBC  which prints bar codes on the 2nd page.
O-S-3-   08271401 E N-K BolFmt = Axis   New Form via CapCityIN
                    Copy CapCityIN Form and make changes per attachments.
                    See Attachmentsed.
                    
                    Copy CapcityIN.
                    
                    1)  Replace Capitol City Logo with Axis Logo attached.
                    2)  1st Column will be  Order Qty / Customer Part#     (15 Characters Max)
                    3)  2nd Column will be  Customer PO#/Axis Order#   (15 Characters Max)
                          (This is Release PO# on BOL / Order#)
                    4)  Remove the Column Line# /Job# and expand the Descripition Column.
                    5)  Remaining Columns  -  Same as CapCityIN.
                    
                    Box Totals at Bottom of BOL
                    Add 
                    Total  Square Feet
                    This field is at the bottom of NK1 BolFmt = Triad
O-S-3-   08291103 E N-K BOLFMT = Hughes Integer & Value = 1 and Integer Value = 0
                    N-K-1 BolFmt = Hughes and Integer Value =1   See Attached Changes plus notes below.
                    1)  Order Qty left justified under 1st Column
                    2)  Rel Qty lef justified under 2nd Column.
                    3)  Change Column Heading  Unit@Quantity  to   Pallet/Qty
                          The program will print number of pallets and Pallet Total 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 183

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          In place of units, we will print number of pallets.  (Per Example in below Calculation)
                    4)   Move Pallet/Qty Column to Right to make room for item description
                    4)   Change Partial / Complete   to P/C  and reduce width of Column to 3 characters.
                    5)   FG Item should be left justified under column
                    6)   Description should be left justitied.  This is printing to into units section.  Once Pallet/
                    Qty
                          is moved to right, this should be printing correctly.
                    7)  Do not remove Wt/Lbs.
                    Hughes has converted to Receiving Finished Goods by Bundle (ie. Unit is a Bundle).
                    For example,  they produce 10,000 boxes and pack 50 boxes per bundle and 40 bundlers per pallet. 
                      This is a total of 2000 boxes per pallet   They will recieve many pallets by tag number.
                    For example Tag 1 40 units at 50 per unit and 40 units/Pallet = 1 Pallet of 2000 boxes.
                    For example Tag 2 40 units at 50 per unit and 40 units/Pallet = 1 Pallet of 2000 boxes..
                    For example Tag 3 40 units at 50 per unit and 40 units/Pallet = 1 Pallet of 2000 boxes..
                    For example Tag 4 40 units at 50 per unit and 40 units/Pallet = 1 Pallet of 2000 boxes.
                    For example Tag 5 30 units at 50 per unit and 30 units/Pallet = 1 Pallet of 1500 boxes..
                    This will print 3 lines   4 @ 2000
                                                              1@ 1500
                                              Total         5 @ 9,500  Total Pallets / Qty  = 5 Pallets /  9500     
                    Total Pallet is Total Units / Total Units per Pallet.
                    We already calculate the total quantity of boxes.  Do not change that calculation.
                    
O-S-3-   09061105 E N-K BOLFMT = HughesTags  Integer Value =1 to Summarize Tags
                    Task# 08291103 was to change the Hughes bill of lading when Integer Value = 1.
                    This summarizes tag numbers.
                    This works in our Test environment but not at Hughes.
                    
                    I want the old format called Hughes will be restored.
                    The old format prints the number of units.  
                    
                    The new format just created should be renamed to HughesTags which will be used when printing pall
                    et tags.   This format prints the number of pallets and pallet counts.
                    
                    
                    Please note,   Task 05191102
                    Yoosun changed the logic for compliing the N-K-1 parameters so this does not have to be compiled 
                    outside the source code.
                    This will not longer require compiling N-K-1 outside of ASI source.
                    Ysk: 08/19 : compiler is changed to handle this (inp param increase to 15000)
                    Change helpdesk program for N-K-1 issue
                    
                    
                    N-K-1 BolFmt = Hughes file is OE\Rep\BolHughesM
                    N-K-1 BolFmt = HughesTags file is OE\Rep\BolHughes
O-S-3-   09111202 E N-K BOLCERT = PremierPkgU (Copy PremierPkg, rename, and modify).
                    Below "Release Date:", print "All Bardcodes inspected and verified to be readable at the beginnin
                    g and the end of the run - see attachment.
O-S-3-   09121404 E N-K BOLFMT = BadgerSoldTo
                    Copy NK1 BolFmt = Badger 
                    
                    1) Make new NK1 BolFmt = BadgerSoldTo
                    
                    2)  Remove Badger Logo and Address form Top to Form.
                    
                    3) Replace Billto Name and Address with the Soldto Name and Address from the Order.
                        SOLD to Company Name and Address are on the O-U-1 View Order Tab.
                        See Attached.
                    
                    4)  Add to the N-K-1 BolFmt  View Form.
                          They will add unique form by Customer Code
                    
                    
                    To Test.
                    Print ASI BIll of Lading Number 8013 for ASI Order# 207897
                    The Sold to is attached.
O-S-3-   09251402 E N-K BolFmt = PeachtreeeBC  - Enable Print Ship Notes check box
O-S-3-   10011007 E N-K BOLFMT = Badger
                    Add shipping note to customer "X" shipto note at bottom of shipto note screen.
                    For main shipto only.  This would be the shipto code that matches the customer code.  
                    So in our system customer "X" is STOCK, and there is one shipto code called STOCK.  
                    If a note exist for this customer and shipto, this note will then print on every BOL.  
                    Badger form only.
                    This will be limited to two lines.  This will print above the shipping notes, and will not transf
                    er to the shipping notes on the bol.
                    Also on the third line below the two lines printing form customer "X" shipto will print
                    ***CLASS (      ) (                   )From FG file
                    Can test with BOL#3761
O-S-3-   10101204 E N-K BOLFMT = Multicell
                    Make mods to header of jobcard (see attachment):
                    1) Print "PRO#:" instead of "Phone" and print whatever is entered in the "Trailer# in OS1".
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 184

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    2) Change "Order#/Job#" to "Order#'s" - do not change what prints in this column.
                    3) Remove "Your" from "Your PO#" - do not change what prints in this column.
                    4) Remove "Item" from "Item Part #"- do not change what prints in this column..
O-S-3-   10121002 E N-K BOLFMT = Badger
                    Need quote to have the following print in the body of the BOL (after the last item):
                    
                    DO NOT DELIVER ANY PRODUCT THAT HAS BEEN DAMAGED!!! 
                    YOU MUST NOTIFY THE SHIPPER IMMEDIATLY.
                    
                    CLASS 55 - NMFC 151320              
                    
O-S-3-   10151402 E N-K BOLFMT = NSTOCK - Add CSR to header
                    N-K BolFmt = NStock 
                    See Attached.
                    Add a CSR: line underneath the Phone# in the top right.  
                    This should be the user ID that is printed on the release ticket (oe-relh.user-id), 
                    Not the BOL header user ID.  
                    
                    
                    At the bottom of the BOL, add a line in the lower right "Verified By: _______________"
                    
                    To accomodate this additional line, move the footer information up one line starting with the Doc
                    k# and Dock Time line.
                    
                    
O-S-3-   10311201 E N-K BOLFMT = BlueRidg2   (Copy BlueRidg / realignment for new printer)
                    Attached are two pictures of how our BOL's are printing.  
                    The working one is the way we want the new printer to look when it prints.
                    The incorrect format is the way the new printer is printing right now.  
                    See attached files for example.
                    
                    
                    ASI Reponse.
                    This is a pre printed form in a text format.
                    Programs written for specific printers must be rewritten for new printers.
                    We will copy existing format and make changes.
                    Copy N-K-1 BlueRidg and Rename BlueRidge2
                    Change Format to new Printer
O-S-3-   10311401 E N-K Bolfmt = Harwell
                    When Printing Bill of Lading for Sets.
                    Currently, the components print under an Asseblemed Set Item.
                    
                    Remove the components on the bill of lading.
                    Only the Set Assembled finished goods item will print.
                    
                    
                    Please note,
                    Unassembled Sets do not print the Set FG item.
                    The components are shipped via a releease.
                    Therefore, this logic is only for Assembled Sets and Assembled Sets with Parts.
                    
                    To Test.
                    Print BOL#8192 for Order#  207999 
                    Only the SET FG Item listed on the BOL should print.
O-S-3-   11081005 E N-K BOLFMT = CAPCITYIN
                    Need the following changes to BOL (also see attachment):
                     1) Use attached logo.   (John from ASI has converted and set in IMAGE Folder)
                     2) "Part#/Order#" column needs to be 14 spaces.
                     3) Change "PO#/Job#" column to "PO#/FG#" and expand to 15 spaces.
                     4) Change "Finished Good#" column to "Line#/Job#".
                     5) Expand "Description" column
                     6) Change "Unit-Quantity" column to "Unit/s".   (Heading Change Only)
                     7) Divide "Partial/Complete" into 2 columns:  "Quantity" and "P/C".  (Heading Change Only)
                     8) Move Dept. Notes up to print on same line as the items Total Units, Quantity and Weight.
                     9) Sort items by PO# then Line# from Order.
                    10) Use larger font for Shipping Instructions.
                    
                    Note:  The PO# should always pull from the Release and the Line# should pull from the View Item D
                    etail Screen.
O-S-3-   11121001 E N-K BOLFMT = PremierPX (Copy PremierX)
                    Copy BOLFMT PremierX and name "PremierPX" 
                    Change LOGO to the following:
                    
                    The address on this form should be: 
                    Premier Packaging
                    Oregon Division
                    3550 Northwest 215th Ave
                    Hillsboro, OR 97124
                    503-439-6060
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 185

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    The premier logo can stay the same.
                    
                    
O-S-3-   11121004 E N-K BOLFMT - AllWest
                    Increase font size of BOL# that prints at the top on the right (see attachment).
O-S-3-   11151306 E N-K BOLFMT = Frankston   (Add Spec Note = FSC to Item Desciption)
                    Spec Note = FSC will be added to the N-Z-6 File
                    Spec Notes are Added to FG Items via the Book Icon.
                    When this Note Exists for an FG Item, this note for this Spec Code will print as the last line un
                    der the Item Desciption Column.
                    If this note is not defined the program will not print a blank line.
                    
                    Test with ASI Item ATT-2297
                    The Notes show FSC Certification Number IP98979
                    This will print under the Item Description Field
O-S-3-   11241408 E N-K BolFmt = PeachtreeeLotPO  - Copy PeachtreeBC format
                    Create a new BOL format that is a copy of the existing "PeachTreeBC" format
                    N-K "PeachtreeLotPO"
                    This format will be identical to the standard format except that, instead of printing the Custome
                    r PO# it will print the "Customer Lot#"
                    The header will be unchanged (still say PO) but the Customer Lot # will be put in the same exact 
                    location as the PO (directly above the Job #)
                    Peachtree will then set the N-K-1 View Form for the specific customer(s) where the Lot # is used 
                    for the PO
                    
                    
                    Note:  Modification done free of charge
O-S-3-   12031204 E N-K BOLFMT = BlueRidg2   - fix signature line alignment
                    For the new BlueRidge2 bol form, the signature line appears on a second page when the font is inc
                    reased to display on the full width of the page.
O-S-3-   12081004 E N-K BOLFMT = PEACHTREE (Copy CSCIN and modify)
                    Copy CSCIN with the following modifications (see attachment):
                    1) Add the Peachtree logo.
                    2) Remove "Sq Ft" column.
                    3) Add Summarize by Tag# only if "Units" are the same quantity.
                       (N-K BOLFMT Integer value = 1 summarizes by Tag # already exists with CSCIN)
                    4) Option to list components (assembled or unassembled).
                         This is a toggle box on O-S-3 Print Screen.  
                         See N-K-1 BolFmt = Xprint to see how the Toggle Box if Modifable and How This Prints.
                          Print ASI Bill of Lading 3875 for Order 202342 for Estimate 7543
                    5) If release code from O-U-1 Release Folder it is a T for transfer, 
                          print "TRANSFER" at the top in the middle.
                         This means the Release Type is "T"
                          Warehouse Transfers are release that simply transfer product from Box Plants Locations.
                          To Test, Print BOL#  3876  for Order# 100016
O-S-4-   08131008 E N-K BORelDate?  Back Order release Date?
                    N-K BORelDate?  Back Order release Date?
                    
                    Character Value = Today   When a backorder is created, the release date defaults to today's date.
                       This is the existing logic prior to this modification.
                    
                    Character Value = Release Date  The release created for the Backorder will have the same date as 
                    the original release date.  For example, customer loads an order today that is due Monday, and ca
                    nnot get all of the order on one trailer so a Backorder is created. 
                    However, the Release date of the Backorder shows as today. 
                    Customer wants the default date to be Monday. 
O-S-5-   02081203 E Florida Tax Calculation via Post BOL/Create Invoice for   ($50 per Hou
                    Invoice Creation and O-B-1 Total Tax Logic  (See Attached)
                    1)  Add new field in I-F-1 called Tax Status (X5)   = FL for Florida Tax Logic.  On Top Line.
                    
                    O-B-1 via O-S-5 will have new FLORIDA tax calculation per Invoice Line item for any one item that
                     is more than $5,000 if Tax Status = FL.   The Dollar Threshold will be in the Tax Table.
                    For example, the 1st 5000 is taxed at the rate of all tax codes in the tax table i.e. 7%.  1st Ta
                    x Code = county (in our case it is 1% but some counties are 1.5%. )  The 2nd Tax Code is the Stat
                    e Code of 6%.   The remaining cost over the $5000.00 is taxed only at the State 6% state rate whi
                    ch will be the 2nd Tax Code in the Tax Table.   ASI Tax file allows up to 3 tax codes per Tax Gro
                    up.   Florida needs just two Tax Codes.  If an item is taxed and new Tax Status is FL then the Do
                    llar Limit will be utilized in the Calculation.
                    
                    Logic would be:
                    Charge both FL rate of 6% and TMP Rate of 1% up to $5000
                    After $5,000 we apply only the 1% FL tax after $5000
                    
                    For example, If you sell them 1000 boxes at $6.00 each it adds up to $6000 but is not eligible.  
                    
                    If you sell them 1 stretch wrapper machine at $6000.  It is eligible for tax.  It will have code 
                    = FL, 
                    In the case of the pallet wrapper sold here in Pinellas County with a 7% sales tax, the 1st 5000 
                    would be taxed at 7% and the remaining $1000. Would be taxed at the state rate of 6%.
                    All of Florida has a 6% rate, counties have the jurisdiction to add additional.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 186

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    See ASI Order 204101.
                    FG Item TAPE MACHINE = Logical Value STEP = YES.
                    Tape machine is $7500 x 2 = $15,000
                    The Tax File = FL1 has two tax rates.
                    The Last Tax Line for FL shows the Threshhold Dollars = $5,000 
                    Calculation is as follows:
                    1st $5000 x all tax rates + Invoice Total less Threshold x Tax Rate for 1st Tax Code Only.
                    ie.
                    $5000 x (FL tax of 6% + TMP tax of 1%) =  $350 + ($15,000 - $5000 x FL Tax of 6% = $600).
                    Total $950
                    Jeanne Abbo
                    Melco
                    727-573-1822 x107
                    727-572-8705 (fax)
O-S-5-   03031409 E Fix to Sewa's change to Add BOL# to the I-F-1 History Tab
                    See ASI Order 207048.
                    Click FG Items Tab.
                    Click History.
                    Click S for Shipment.
                    The Bill of Lading was for 25 units at 1000 and a Partial Unit of 800.
                    
                    Add the BOL# to the History Tab.
                    When Posting the Bill of Lading, transfer the number to the SHIPMENT transaction.
                    
                    Sewa's changes were erased upon saving program in appbuilder.  Re-did the changes in appbuilder s
                    o that it would save correctly.
O-S-5-   03071207 E Post BOL / Create Invoice  (Round Down Invoice Qty for Unassembled Set
                    Invoice Qty for Unassembled sets is currently.  You ship each component separately.
                    Our system automatically creates invoice for the minimum number of sets.
                    For example   ASI Order 203608 is a 24 Pack Beverage Set
                    See Attached Example.  For 1 RSC ,  5 Length Partitions,  3 Width Partitions
                    We produce and Ship 1100 RSC?s, 5298 Widths and 3500 Lengths.
                    Max sets is 1100 /1 = 1100 or 5298/5 = 1059.6 or 3500/3 = 1166, Thus can only make 1059.6
                    We cant make less then 1 full set so we create invoice for 1059 Sets if we Round Down.
                    However, system is currently rounding Up.
                    Invoice for  1060 is  possible because the smallest overrun is the 5300 over 5000 ordered. 5300/5
                    =1060. 
                    
                    But if we shipped 5298 Widths then 5298/5=1059.6 Sets. 
                    The software should round down to 1059. 
                    
                    Qty / Set for each item determines the number of completed sets.
                    RSC Qty/Set = 1  , thus 1100 / 1 = 1100
                    Length Partition Qty/Set = 3, thus 3500 / 3 = 1166.67 Round Down = 1166
                    Width Partition Qty/Set = 5, thus 5298 / 5 = 1059.6  Round Down = 1059
                    
                    So Max Number of Set is Part with Least Number = 1059
                    Note the Estimate shows 1060
                    
O-S-5-   04161205 E N-K BOLTransfer    YES will Post BOL for Transfer to Create Backorder
                    New N-K-1 BOLTransfer for Release Transfers.  
                    Please note, a transfer release has a release type = T.  
                    See Attached Order 204303 which creates a backorder for the unshipped quantity.
                    Attached Order 204304 is for a transfer however, no backorder was created.
                    
                    Logical Value = No.  This is the existing logic which will not create a backorder release.
                    
                    Logical Value = Yes.   When the bill of lading is posted, if the bill of lading quantity is less 
                    then the release quantity then the program will create an extra release (a backorder release).
                    For example if we create a Transfer and we shipped only 25,000 of the 35,000 boxes, then the prog
                    ram would automatically create a backorder release for 10,000 with a release status of Ship Only 
                    and Transfer.    New Option would receate this every time.
                    Once the backorder is created, reports such as O-R-2 would print this automatically.
                    
                    
                    Please note, the bill of lading posting creates a transfer transaction under I-U-2 finished goods
                     transfers.  If this transaction is deleted, the program moves the record back to the bill of lad
                    ing.
                    If the N-K-1 BOLTransfer logical value = YES,   then the program must also DELETE the newly creat
                    ed release when the I-U-2 record is deleted.
O-S-5-   05301401 E N-K OEShipToRep    Transfer Sales Rep to Estimate and Order?
                    Test with Customer TACOBELL with Shipto Code TACOJOES.
                    TacoBell has a Sales Rep = 001.
                    TacoJoes is a Shipto Code for Taco Bell with a Sales Rep = CMB.
                    
                    Logical Value = NO.    This is the existing Logic.
                    This willl transfer the Customer Sales Rep Field to the Estimate and to the Order.
                    And this will also transfer to the Orders ITEMS tab.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 187

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Logical Value = YES.   New Database Field will be aded to the Shipto File.
                    This willl transfer the new Sales Rep Field from the Ship to File to the Estimate.
                    Therefor, this  transfers the new Sales Rep from the Estimate if order has an Estimate.
                    This will transfer the new Sales Rep from ShipTo file when FG Item on Order has no Estimate.
                    Once ITEMS tab has new Sales Rep, Commissions Logic will calculate for that Rep.
                    Existing Logic will then transfer the Sales Rep from Order Line to the Invoice when BOL is Posted
                     so that the invoice will be sent to TACO BELL but for TACOJOES sales Rep.
                    
                    Please note,  This will not handle multiple shiptos on a single order.
                    Program will only transfer 1 Sales Rep to the Items Tab.
O-S-5-   06211301 E BOL Post - Bill of Lading Number is not Saved
                    Bill of Lading Number is Not Saved.
                    Many Clients default from 1 to 99999999.
                    However, this is no longer saved by User Id.
                    
                    
                    Also,  Posting is much slower with new Patch.
                    When Clicking YES to Post.
                    Add Line at Bottom to show the BOL# that is posting.
                    Currently this shows message Not Responding when in Reality it is still working.
                    The status line will let users see that program is progressing through BOL numbers.
                    Similar to I-R-2 Report that shows Items in Process.
                    
                    We must speed program.
                    Updating Actual Qty appears to have slowed software.
                    Process of updating Finsihed Goods should be evavualted.
                    
                    
                    
O-S-5-   06241304 E BOL Post - Speed is Slow  (Send Entire Patch)
                    Find BOL for ASI Order Number 206010.
                    I selected all tags for Job 206010 and Job 206104.
                    This is approximately 40 tags (1 Truck Load which is a real possbility in a box plant)
                    It takes 27 seconds to Post.
                    
                    We added logic to Update Actual Qty and it appears to have slowed software.    
                    Improved Logic 
                    Total the Bill of Lading for each FG item by release#, then update the Orders Actual Qty.
                    
                    See Solution Notes
                    
                    
O-S-5-   08301102 E N-K BOLTime   New Parameter to post Time of Invoice Creation
                    N-K-1 BolPostTime.
                    
                    The purpose of this modification to to make sure that the bill of ladings posted each day are the
                     last transaction of the day.  The customer may create and post the bill of lading before they re
                    ceive and post the finised goods receipts.   By forcing the time as the last second of the day, t
                    his will ensure that all receipts will show in history prior to the shipment.
                    
                    Character Value = BolCreation is the existing logic.   The date and time the bill of lading was c
                    reated displays on the O-S-1 Screen when the invoice is created.   If the bill of lading was crea
                    ted on August 1 at 11 AM.  the Finished Goods History would retain that date and time.    The bil
                    l of lading screen would retain the original creation date and time when the bill of lading is po
                    sted.
                    
                    Character Value = Fixed Time.   
                    The decimal value will house the time of day such as 2359:00.    The bill of lading posting progr
                    am will downlown the time as 23:59:00 .  The date will continue to be the same date as the bill o
                    f lading.   The finished good history folder will show the date on the bill of lading by the time
                     will be set to the time on the decimal value.
                    
O-S-5-   10131003 E Insufficient Inventory Report
                    BIll of Lading 3741for Order number  202483 is for finished goods item code BIBM1000047A99 
                    The order is for 25,000 boxes but there are zero on hand.
                    System shows 27 cases @ 900 per case plus partial case of 700 boxes.
                    This message pops up to print the exception report.
                    
                    Move Tag# to right of Finished Goods Item.
                    Expand to 21 Characters.
                    Lastly Prompt to Print Only Ending 5 Digits ?
                    Sharp Shooter clients only print the last 5 digits since the first 15 Characters are the FG item 
                    code..
                    
                    
O-S-5-   11211309 E Add BOL# to the I-F-1 History Tab and Update via OS5 Posting
                    See ASI Order 207048.
                    Click FG Items Tab.
                    Click History.
                    Click S for Shipment.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 188

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    The Bill of Lading was for 25 units at 1000 and a Partial Unit of 800.
                    
                    Add the BOL# to the History Tab.
                    When Posting the Bill of Lading, transfer the number to the SHIPMENT transaction.
O-S-7-   01251301 E Change L,I and S Releases to Schedule Qty
                    Units and Pallets are printing Zero for release types S, L and I.
                    The Release types P,A,B are printing fine by printing the Actual Qty.
                    Change Logic for S,L and I to print the Schedule Qty.
O-S-7-   10220904 E TruckLoad Program to Prompt when Over MSF and Tonage
                    Prompt on Truck Summary Work Table when exceeding the 
                    New Table Called Truck as child of Carrier Table
                    New Fields in Truck Table Max units: 99, MSF and Weight Limit: 99999
                    
                    1) Add new fields to the OS7 truck summary table.
                      Item MSF, Item Wt,  Truck Load MSF,  Truck Load Wt
                         Add Items MSF by Release Qty which is the quantity of the items times the FG Item Totals Squ
                    are  Footage / 1000
                    2) Add items Weight in Tons.  This is FG Item file Wt/100 times (qty / 100)
                    3) Add  Total Truck Load MSF  
                    4) Add Total Truck Load Weight in Tons.  
                    
                    When the MSF for all deliveries exceeds the Max MSF in the truck file,  Prompt Warning.
                    When the total Tons exceeds the Max Tons in the Truck File, Prompt Warning.
O-S-8-   03291108 E Add F1 Lookup on Bill of Lading Separated by Commas
                    See Attachments
                    Add F1 Lookup on Bill of Lading Number Separated by Commas
                    
                    The LOOKUP should allow the ability to select bill of ladings via the SHIFT and CNTRL keys just l
                    ike adding Emails in Microsoft Outlook.
                    I should be able to select Bill of Ladings such as 100, 102,  120, 121, 130, 135.
                    When I click OK this should transfer to the Enter BOL field separated by Commas.
                    
                    
                    Bill of Lading must be for the same customer.
O-S-8-   04051208 E N-K BOLTagFile  New LoadTag based on Items on Bill of Lading
                    N-K-1 BOLTagFile
                    
                    Test with ASI Bill of Lading 4971
                    O-S-8  will have new AUTOPRINT toggel box to work like O-U-7
                    
                    Description Field will house the Disk Drive Location to store the Text File that is created via t
                    he O-S-5 option.  similar to N-K-1 BarDir.
                    This logic exists.
                    
                    Character Value = Summary will be current Text File Format.  
                    This totals / summarizes the total quantity for each item. So if I have 2 tags and each is 1250, 
                    it will print 2 at 2500.
                    
                    Character Value = Detail 
                    Will be same format but will include EachTag# on the BOL Line.
                    So if I have 2 tags and each is 1250, it will print each line and 1 at 1250 for each.
                    
                    View Form Folder will house the Label Format by Customer.
                    View Form Folder character value of the label.
                    Veiw Form Folder character value label for customer X status will be the default for customers no
                    t defined on the View Form Folder.
                    
                    
O-T-1-   01211101 E N-K ADDRELSE  Character Valeu Bin/Tags to Show Receipt
                    The Select Bins/Tags Button in O-T-1 and O-S-1 is also used when releasing items on O-U-1 Release
                     Folder.   See Attached.
                    Many clients want to ship the oldest items first.
                    Add the field RECEIPT DATE from the FG History Folder.
                    This should be under a YELLOW column so that the user can sort in ascending or descending orders 
                    for selecting the oldest items to ship first.
                    
                    
O-T-1-   04081003 E N-K OEReleasePopup Default for changing release date.
                    Logical Value YES will always have the toggle boxes checked.
                    Logical Value NO will always have the toggle boxes Unchecked.
                    
                    When modifying the date on the release, the attached pop-up shows date choices to be modified and
                     defaults with every box checked.  
                    Customer does not want boxes checked (see attachment).
O-T-1-   05301303 E N-K RELPRINT = Frank (Copy PremierX).
                    Copy preimerX 
                    Remove address from top left side.
                    Address will import from the Customer with Status Type = X.
                    The address should be:
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 189

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    P.O. Box 368
                    699 N. Frankston Hwy
                    Frankston, TX 75763
                    
                    Alternatively,
                    Frankston can provide Logo that includes Address and ASI will use new Logo.
O-T-1-   07301202 E Select Bin / Tags Button Popup to display RFID Tag#
                    "Select Bins/Tags", you get a pop-up that allows you to select the load tag numbers from the menu
                     I-F-1 Bin/Jobs Tab.
                    
                    1)  Add new column called RFID# 
                    2)  Add new Button to allow user to move Columns so each User ID can set order of Columns.
                    3)  Modify O-U-1 Release Button  that prompts for tags.
                    4)  Modify O-T-1 Select Bin / Tags Button.
                    5)  Modify O-S-1 Select Bin / Tags Button.
                    
                    
                    The LOADTAG file in the Sharp Shooter module is the only file that stores the RFID number.  There
                    fore, the system must search the loadtag file by Tag number to display the RFID Tag#.
                    See attached.
O-T-1-   09261104 E Add Toggle Box Posted
                    See Attached.   
                    
                    This will work like the O-S-1 BIll of Lading Toggle Box.
                    Currently, only releases are displayed that are not posted.
                    That would be an Posted Toggle Box that is UNCHECKED.
                    Once Posted, the user can no longer view the release that was posted.
                    
                    If the structure is in place to show the posted Release, add this Toggle Box.
                    
                    
O-T-1-   12011002 E Add Release Qty to the Browse Screen with Yellow Column
                    Add the Release Qty to the Browse screen.
                    This should have a Yellow Column for Sorting and this should work like other fields.
                    
                    
                     
O-T-3-   01071002 E N-K Relprint = Premierx (Copy from HOPX)
                    Here is an updated Pick ticket. Please change the address to 3900 Produce Road.  Louisville, KY 4
                    0218
                     
                    Please omit bin qty  and change to REL. QTY.
                     
                    Please Change count to Unit Count.
                     
                    Please omit #Pal and #Cas and add Units.
                     
                    Place a line between items.
                     
                    Change entire ticket to FIFO ORDER only.  WE DO NOT NEED CS AGENTS TO PICK BINS WE JUST WANT THE 
                    TICKET TO PRINT IN FIFO ORDER. (ESP - N-K-1 ADDRELSE adjust character value).
                    
                    See Attachment.
                    
                    2/18 - Need FIFO fixed and Tag#s to print.
O-T-3-   01311103 E N-K Relprint = PremierX   Print spec note on Premiers Release ticket
                    When spec code exists called "PT" print that note on the Pick ticket.
                    This would print under the PO# for that item.
                    This is the last field under the column called Item/Desc/Lot#
                    See Attached.
O-T-3-   02071303 E N-K Relprint = Prystup   (Copy PremierX)
                    Copy PremierX release ticket to create Prystup Ticket.
                    
                    1) Replace Premier Logo with Prystup Logo
                    2) Replace Address Lines with Prystup Address
                    3) Change Ship Date Label to Delivery Date.
                    4) Change Label in Box called Item/Desc/Lot#   to Item/Desc/RFQ#
                         The RFQ# is currently the O-U-1 Description two field.
                         This may be changed to print the Lot# from O-U-1 Release Tab  ????
                    5)  Under Item/Desc/RFQ
                          Add the Label RFQ#: in front of the Lot# field that prints under the PO#:  Label
                    6)  Under the Box = TAG/Whs/Bin.
                          Currently the Tag Number prints the entire Tag including the FG Item Code.
                          The 1st 15 characters of the Tag are the FG Item code.
                           Remove the 1st 15 characters so that only the Ending Tab Number prints.
                           This will save 15 characters so this section can be reduced in size.
                    7)   Add new Box called SKIDS between the Units and TAG/Whs/Bin Boxes.
                          This will print total number of Skids for that line.  
                          This wil be calculated as Units / Units per Pallet
                    8)   Change Box called Units to Cases
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 190

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    9)   Change box called Unit Count to Case Count
O-T-3-   02081303 E N-K Relprint = Metro (Copy FIBREX)
                    Copy RELPRINT = FIBREX and create new Metro format.
                    
                    Changes required (see attached)
                    1. Display the contact name and phone # under the Ship To address. These will be taken from the "
                    Contact" and "Phone" fields on the A-F-1 / Ship To screen
                    2. Remove the last three column headings (?#Cas?, ?Count? & ?Bin Qty?) and add this space to the 
                    "Item/Descrip" field. Rename field heading to "Item/Description".
                    3. Rename column heading "TAG/Whs/Bin" to "Whse/Bin"
                    4.  Show total # pallets for this release in spot shown on attachment.
                         This is Total Units / Units per Pallet
                    5.  Show inventory available from all job #s (not individual tags) in spot shown on attachment
                    6. Delete all "footer" boxes columns as shown (including borders). 
                    7. Allow more space for notes section. (Preferably double the width.)
O-T-3-   02251001 E N-K RELPRINT = PremierX
                     The attached changes need to be made. 
                    1)Show only one total in release quantity column
                    2) boxes at bottom change to read
                        a)  Pallets
                        b)  Pulled BY
                        c) shipped by
                        d) Trailer Number
                        f)   Dock Number 
                    
                    See attached for aprox box sizes.
O-T-3-   02281205 E N-K RELPRINT = Soule   (Copy PremierX)  ($50 per hour)
                    Copy N-K-1 PremierX and create new Release ticket form called Soule
                    
                    Add Soule Packaging Log in place of the Prremier Logo and Address.
O-T-3-   03041404 E Save Print Parameters by User Id - See Attached
                    Save Toggle Box Option by User ID.
                    See Attached.
O-T-3-   03061212 E N-K RELPRINT = ACPI  ($75 per Hour)
                    The Item name and Descripiton fields that print on the Release Ticket are currently printing from
                     the I-F-1 file.  This should print from the O-U-1 Items Folder.
                    
                    They are also having trouble printing the Xprint Form.
                    Make changes and recompile and send.
                    See if this corrects the priinting issue.
                    
                    
                    On there system it prints a different form.  Sent patch.  Problem is now fixed.
                    
                    Note:  When you up-date a FG you do not have the choice not to up-date the 3rd description.  This
                     field is not in OU1.   It prints from the FG file.
O-T-3-   03091204 E N-K RELPRINT = NStock  (Copy PremierX)
                    Copy N-K- RelPrint = PremierX
                    1st page shows the handwritten changes for a typical custom box.
                    2nd page shows the handwritten changes for a typical custom box.
                    2nd page shows an Assembled Set and how the Unit and Unit Counts form Set File.
                    3rd page shows and Unassembled Set.   Should print Unit and Unit Counts from I-F-5.
                    4th page shows a stock box order.   Remove on hand Unit Count and Qty per bundle. 
                           Replace with number of units required to complete the Release Qty.
                           Print Unit Count per Bunlde.
                    
                    Modifications are Listed Below.  Do not make all changes on Attachment.
                    
                    1)  Remove Premier Logo 
                    2)  Printing Unit Counts for Components of Assembled Sets.
                          This is informational only from I-F-5 Set Maintenance based on Sets Released.
                    3)  Print Dock Hours from Customer Shipto File.
                    4)  Unit Counts will print division from Release Quantity divided by Count from O-U-1.
                          Units Counts will pull from O-U-1 Screen.
                    5)  Box with Toggle Boxes to print By Warehouse or Specific tags will be grayed out and not used.
                       Logic will strickly print per 5) above.
                    
O-T-3-   03291107 E N-K RELPRINT = Peachtree  CardedX (Copy and rename Peachtree)
                    Copy RELPRINT CardedX and re-name PeachTree with the following mods (see attached):
                    1) Change Column Heading "Item/Desc/Lot#" to "Cust Part #/FG#/PO#" and only these 3 fields
                         should print.
                    2) Print a line across the page between each item.
                    3) Customer P/Ns and Release Quantities should be bold and in a larger font.
                    4) Number the pages.
                    5) Print all lines of an item on the same page.  
                         An item should not start printing unless
                         all the info for that item will fit on that page.
O-T-3-   03311104 E N-K RelPrint = Protagon  (Copy PremierX)
                    CopyPremierX Release Ticket and make changes.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 191

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    1)  Change Logo to Progtagon
                    2)  Change Label CSR to PM
O-T-3-   04071003 E N-K RELPRINT =  CCCLot#    (Copy Allwest)   ($75/Hour via Task# 033110
                    Copy AllWest Release Ticket.
                    Add FG Lot#  to Release Ticket.
                    This will pull from the FG LOT# field on the Release Line.
                    
                    N-K-1 RelPrint View Form and View Control will dictate the form to print.
                    View Form will allow unique release ticket by customer.
                    The Pharmaceutical clients will use this new form that will print the Lot#.
                    
                    Task# 03311011 and 04071010 must be completed first which have new DB fields.
O-T-3-   04161024 E N-K relprint = Fibrex
                    Form to print FOB and Freight Payment method from release screen of order, if blank then should p
                    rint from header screen of order oe-ord
O-T-3-   04191002 E N-K Relprint = CCC copy from Fibrex ($75. hour)
                    Copy FibreX release form  (Can Test with Release number 3145 on our system)
                    
                    1)  New N-K Release form Called CCC copied from FibreX
                    2)  Section that now Reads Tag/Whse/BIN to Read  Tag/Whse/Bin/Lot#
                    3)  Tag# whse and Bin will print on the first line
                    4)  Lot# from the FG Tag file will print on the second line
                    
                    5)  When the integer value is one, the system will consolidate the tag#'s.  If consolidate Tag# i
                    s picked Print the tag#, whse, bin and lot# from the first Tag#
                    AH - current logic (for FIBRE) is when parameter selected has from - to Item Bin Locations then G
                    roup by loc/bin/tag/po ELSE group by loc/bin ONLY. Do we want to follow this?
                    
                    6)  Frt pay and FOB should first pull from the release screen of the order, if blank should then 
                                 pull from the header screen
                    
                    
O-T-3-   04211103 E N-K RELPRINT = CSC-GA   (Copy PremierX)    (Invoice PO# 26532)
                    Copy PremierX and name new Form CSC-GA with the following changes (see attachment):
                    1) Delete  Address, Phone, Fax, and E-Mail information from upper left-hand corner.
                    2) Print "BACKORDER" where the address was printing if any item on Release is a backorder.
                         There is a status field if release is a backorder.
                    3) If the Pick Ticket is a reprint, print "REPRINT" where the Phone# was printing.
                         When prniting, the toggle box is automatcially set to RePrint so this should print REPRINT.
                    Please note, when reprinting a backorder print both WORDS 
                    4) Print page numbers on the bottom of the form.
                    5) Change footer field from "Shipped By" to "Date".
O-T-3-   04251203 E N-K RELPRINT = Peachtree  Add Job #
                    Add the Job# (including the -00, -01, -02 etc) under the order # which already prints. 
O-T-3-   05061009 E N-K relprint = Fibrex
                    On the release ticket, can you fix it so that the info doesn?t overlap other fields?
O-T-3-   05121008 E N-K Relprint = CCC copy from Fibrex (original task 04191002)
                    Copy FibreX release form  (Can Test with Release number 3145 on our system)
                    
                    1)  New N-K Release form Called CCC copied from FibreX
                    2)  Section that now Reads Tag/Whse/BIN to Read  Tag/Whse/Bin/Lot#
                    3)  Tag# whse and Bin will print on the first line
                    4)  Lot# from the FG Tag file will print on the second line
                    05/12/10 (AH) fixed this part where the fg lot# is pulled from. it should come from fg-rctd.stack
                    -code field.
                    
                    5)  When the integer value is one, the system will consolidate the tag#'s.  If consolidate Tag# i
                    s picked Print the tag#, whse, bin and lot# from the first Tag#
                    
                    6)  Frt pay and FOB should first pull from the release screen of the order, if blank should then 
                                 pull from the header screen
                    
                    
O-T-3-   05151406 E N-K RELPRINT = PremierX
                    N-K-1 RelPrint = PremierX.    See Attached.
                    Release Tickets need to Print in the Location that the Inventory will SHIP FROM.
                    The Release has the Ship From.
                    
                    1)  When creating a Release, the SHIP FROM must transfer to the O-T-1 Screen.
                          When N-K-1 OEShipFrom Logical Value = Yes.
                          The Ship From Warehouse must transfer to the Release Ticket.
                    
                    2)  Then, when Printing a Release Ticket,  
                          New Range of Ship From Warehouse will show 
                          Beginning Ship From Whse  __________            Ending Ship From Whse _____________
                          This new Ship From Wshe Parameter will limit what releases.
                          The person printing the Release must select the PRINTER on the Network at that Location.
                    
                    3)  Add Toggle Box called Exclude Customers
                          When checked this will allow selecting multiple customers to exclude from Printing.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 192

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          For example, 
                          This must have option to Type in Specific Customers such as DSG.
                           This is Dicks Sporting Goods and they do not want to print tickets for DSG.
O-T-3-   05171301 E N-K RELPRINT = Metro - Move Rel Qty Below last Pallet
                    Move up the Release Qty total line so that it is right under the pallet total (see attached PDF f
                    or an example).
O-T-3-   05191001 E N-K RELPRINT = CCC - TO BE BILLED AT $ 75.00/HOUR
                    Release currently prints the correct total cases, but the customer want them printed in the same 
                    way as they print on the BOL (see attachments).
                    
                    ESP - Made it work for N-K-1 RELPRINT Int value eq 0 which is what CCC uses.
O-T-3-   06011011 E N-K Relprint = CCC  FG Lot# not correct (original task 04191002)
                    4)  Lot# from the FG Tag file will print on the second line
                    05/12/10 (AH) fixed this part where the fg lot# is pulled from. it should come from fg-rctd.stack
                    -code field.
                    
                    should be picking up from FG history screen (fg-rdtlh) not fg-rctd. because it might change.
O-T-3-   06011015 E N-K RELPRINT =  CCCLot#    (Copy Allwest)   ($75/Hour via Task# 033110
                    Correction on Billable Hours on Task# 04071003
                    N-K RELPRINT =  CCCLot#    (Copy Allwest)   ($75/Hour via  Original Task# 03311011)
O-T-3-   06011016 E N-K Relprint = CCC copy from Fibrex ($75. hour) Via Task# 04191002
                    Correction to billable hours on task# 04191002
                    
                    N-K Relprint = CCC copy from Fibrex ($75. hour) Via Task# 04191002
O-T-3-   06041204 E N-K Relprint = PremierX  (This Task Requires Task# 05231206)
                    See Attached Samples of existing Release Ticket and new column they want added.
                    There is not enough room to add a new column.
                    1) Change the existing column called Rel Qty to  EA Qty / Order Qty
                    2)  Under this column EA Qty / Order Qty will continue to print the existing Relesae Quantity 1st
                    .
                          Under the Release Quantity of EA we will print the new Quantity and OOM.
                          For example.  If customer order 20 cases (Dozens)  of eggs packed 12 per case.
                          Customer service will entry 20 CS.
                          Program will move this quantity and UOM to the two new fields.
                          Program currently converts into Quantity EA = 240.
                          The first column will print 240
                          The 2nd Line will print 20 CS
                    
                    The new fields are displayed under O-U-1 Items folder will pirnt as the Order Qty and UOM.
                    This could be DOZ, SET, PLT, CS, M, PKG, ROL, etc.
                    
                    Please note, there are 3 ways to print the Premier Release Ticket.  All options must be changed. 
                     There is a box in the print parameters to print 
                    a)  Print all Tags in Item Bin Location
                    b)  Print Only tags on Release
                    c)  Summary of Bins On Hand
O-T-3-   06231004 E N-K RELPRINT = PremierX
                    WAITING FOR EXAMPLE FROM DREW 9/17 ---- Print Pick tickets consolidated by bin location and by FI
                    RST Receipt Date when the item is in more that one bin.   If load tag received different day then
                     show each tag when consolidating otherwise only show first tag when consolidating if tag date th
                    e same.
                    
                    ASI Response:
                    I need an example.  This is not a clear understanding of how this should print.
                    
                    9/17 - I re-emailed Joe's request for example or to let us know if they no longer want mod - Pat
                    
                    9/28 - Never heard from Drew.
O-T-3-   06251402 E N-K Relprint = CardedX
                    Add a space between each item on our pick ticket.
O-T-3-   07251402 E N-K Relprint = CardedX
                    Change the space between each item with a solid Line on the Carded2 Release pick ticket.
                    This should go accross the entire page.
O-T-3-   08031103 E N-K RELPRINT = ACPI (Copy HOPX and re-name)
                    Copy the HOPX form and rename ACPI with the following mods (see attachment):
                    1) In the description field, also print "Desc 2:" and "Desc 3".
                    
                    Skip Description lines if they are blank to save paper.
                    In other words, if only Description 1 exists, and description 2 and 3 are blank.
                    then do not print a line of spaces for description 2 & description 3
                    .
O-T-3-   08201002 E N-K RELPRINT = Indiana (This generates the Rel Ack & Pick Ticket)
                    Change "Ship Date" to Print the words "Due Date".  Note:  the Release Acknowledgement prints when
                     "Print Pricing" is chosen on the parameter screen in OT3 (see attachment).
O-T-3-   08241003 E N-K RELPRINT = PremierX
                    Customer requests the following mods to their Pick Ticket (see attachment):
                    1) Move Tag/Whs/Bin field to the right to accomodate the complete fields below.
                    2) Have FULL item description and 1st Line of item description print.
                    3) Add 2nd line of description to print.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 193

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    ESP - Best I could do is make fields 25 characters, not the full 30.  Otherwise all the quantitie
                    s would not fit on the ticket.
                    
                    25 characters do print, but the divider line between the column headings "Item/Desc/Lot#" and "TA
                    G/Whs/Bin" should probably me moved to the right and "TAG/Whs/Bin" should be centered in the smal
                    ler field - tested with PT#3409 - Pat.
O-T-3-   09131307 E N-K RELPRINT - Reprinting Posted Releases does not work
                    Go to OT1.
                    Check the "Posted" button and find any Posted Release.
                    Print that release with the "Reprint" and "Reprint Posted" checked.
                    A blank text file appears.
                    
                    Doesn't seem to matter what NK Relprint is set.
O-T-3-   10101209 E N-K RELPRINT = Multicell (Copy Peachtree and re-name)
                    Print the "Item Name" from the Order which transfers from the estimate 
                    (as many characters as possible) instead of the "Cust Part#".  
                    Reduce the Wsh/Tag/Bin column to increase the Item Name Field. - see attachment.
O-T-3-   11091106 E N-K RELPRINT= Hughes   New Toggle Box "Exclude Tags & Bins
                    Print ASI release 4378 for Order 203345 for FG Item ATT-2297
                    This repeats the Main and Floor Location for every Tag#.
                    Hughes ticket should only print unique Warehouse / Bin Locations.
                    
                    The issues is that they are now creating pallet tags for each receipt.
                    The current Release Ticket does not print tag Numbers but prints the location of each tag.
                    They do not have bin locations so every tag is stocked in Main  Floor.
                    The net result is if they have 20 tags then Main Floor prints 20 Times.
                    
                    Since they only have one warehouse called Main and one Bin Location called Floor.
                    That is all that should print regardless of how many pallet tags are in stock.
                    
                    
                    Please note.
                    In the future, If Hughes want to print tags and location of each tag, then we must make more chan
                    ges.
O-T-3-   11101001 E N-K RELPRINT = PremierX
                    PremierX Release Ticket  (See Attached) 
                    Print Release Ticket should have Print Option Type on O-T-1.
                    1)  All Tags
                    2)  Only Tags on Release
                    3)  Summary of Bins On Hand
                    
                    New Option #3 would print the SUMMARY of Bins on Hand and save print selection by userID.
                    
                    Normal process is the Release is created with NO TAGS so forklift driver and pick any pallet.
                    User can then Print Selection Screen with Option to Summarize by Bin.
                    Each FG item will show the Bin Location, Total Units, and Total Quantity.  
                    Consolidate by job/whse/bin do not show tag numbers
                    Can remove FIFO logic.
                    
                    With this logic, the Sharp Shooter forklift driver will scan any tag number that matches FG numbe
                    r on the release.    
                    The same over/under warnings would apply (see attachment).  
O-T-4-   01191339 E Post Range of Releases Toggle Box
                    Premeir will Set this to UNCHECK so that only 1 Release can be posted at a time.
                    Toggle Box to Print Range of Release.
                    This will be saved by User ID.
                    If this is UnChecked, then the Beginning and Ending Release Number must Match.
                    
                    Modify Print Optioin on the Menu O-T-4 
                    Currrently, problems occur when they accidently post more than one release number.
                    Then they have to delete the bill of ladings.
                    
O-T-5-   02291201 E Truck Planning Issues
                    See attachments for additional program requests.
                    
                    1)  Change Labels on A-F-Common Carrier File.
                    2)  Synchronize the Trailer Code between O-T-1 and O-S-1 with the Truck Load Sheet.
                         If O-T-1 has trailer, this should download to the O-T-5 Worksheet.
                         When updating the O-T-5 truckload summary, this should update O-T-1.
                         When updating the O-T-5 truckload summary, this should update O-S-1 bill of lading if the BO
                    L Exists (i.e.  Release Status = P).
                    
                    
                    Tested with Date Range from 0101/2012 to 03/01/2012
                    With with Actual checked and Trailer Code imports and updates O-T-1 if changed.
                    With with BOL checked and Trailer Code imports and updates O-S-1 if changed.
O-T-5-   11101010 E Add Ability Move Columns
                    1)  Need to Reduce Size of Columns as desired.
                    2)  Add new Column Carrier before Trailer#.
                    3)  Need to Move Order# next to Trailer#
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 194

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    4)  Change Heading from Truck/Trailer# to Trailer#.
                    5)  Put MSF columns next to each Other.
                    
                    Prompt when Trucks Units are Exceeded.
O-U- -   05201405 E N-K INVPRINT = Carded - Do not print invoice lines with 0 qty
                    N-K INVPRINT = Carded.
                    
                    Currently when printing an invoice with a 0 qty line item, the line item is still shown although 
                    it is not being invoiced.
                     
                    Mod - when printing an invoice, do not print lines that have 0 invoiced qty and thus 0 cost.
                    All other lines should print as usual and the total at the bottom must calculate as it does today
                    .  Simply suppress the printing of the ENTIRE INVOICE LINE (as depicted in the attached).
                    
                    See OB1 invoice 7401.  For this invoice, the first line that currently prints should not print.  
                    All other lines should move up to below the header line starting at the location the 0 qty line p
                    rints now.
O-U- -   08081110 E N-K FreezeNote      For N-K jobcardc and JobcardF = Badger
                    See attachment   New N-K-1 called FreezeNote.
                    Please note, N-K-1 FreezeNotes already exists.
                    
                    Character Value =  ??????????  
                    The characters in this field will be the password required when Logical Value = Yes.
                    
                    Logical Value = No will not prompt for password when checking the O-U-7 Freeze Notes field.
                    When this box is checked, the current logic will continue as normal.    Please note, this logic c
                    reates a new record key for the department notes.   No password will be required for logic to con
                    tinue.
                    
                    Logical  Value = Yes will prompt for a password when checking the O-U-7 Freeze Notes field.
                    If the correct password is entered, the program will continue it's existing logic to update the R
                    ecord Key.   When printing a job ticket, the user may accidently check the toggle box "Freeze Not
                    es".  This new logic will password protect the toggle box on the job ticket selection  parameter 
                    for Freeze Job Notes?     If they enter the wrong password, the program will RESET the toggle box
                     to UNCHECKED before printing the job ticket.
                    
O-U-1-   01051207 E N-K ADDRELSE character value Bins/Tag via O-U-1 Release
                    Character Value = Bins/Tags
                    Menu O-U-1,  Release Button.
                    When creating an ACTUAL release on an order, we get a pop up window that allows us to select Bin/
                    Tag that the release will Select Spefic Tag#'s.
                    CLICK  By Job or All Jobs.
                    The  window has the bins/qtys of FG that are in inventory.
                    Add column called FG Lot# to this last selection window.
                    The FGLot# is dispalyed in the FG History Folder which was transferred vis the FG? Receipt.
                    
                    
                    Please note.
                    I-F-1 FG Item File, History Folder.
                    Find 1st Receipt Transaction for Job#, Tag# and Display FG Lot#
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-U-1-   01131015 E Change Prev Order# to Character Field  $100 per Hour
                    For the date of 01152010 for job 100 in the month.
                    They will type 0015100.  The first zero is the year in the decade.
                    The next two 01 represent January and 100 at the end represents 100 job of the month.
                    If I type 0123, the system eliminates the 0.
                    They want this to remain as this represents the year they are in in this case 2010 ends in 0.
                    
                    Change this field to a character field so that this displays properly.
                    Modify Keystone Job Ticket to Print new character field.
                    
                    When adding orders, previous order will be update both existing numeric field and new character f
                    ield. 
O-U-1-   01181012 E Paper Clip to Change Color when Notes Exist (Shared Mod)
                    When notes exist on Paper Clip Icon, change Color of Icon.
                    Folding Estimating
                    Corrugated Estimating
                    Order Processing
                    Purchasing
                    Touch Data Collection
                    
                    If its easier to make Icon flash or Red Border, please advise.
O-U-1-   01191006 E Paper Clip to Change Color when Notes Exist
                    When notes exist on Paper Clip Icon, change Color of Icon.
                    Folding Estimating
                    Corrugated Estimating
                    Order Processing
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 195

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Purchasing
                    Touch Data Collection
                    
                    If its easier to make Icon flash or Red Border, please advise.
O-U-1-   01191007 E Paper Clip to Change Color when Notes Exist (Shared Mod)
                    When notes exist on Paper Clip Icon, change Color of Icon.
                    Folding Estimating
                    Corrugated Estimating
                    Order Processing
                    Purchasing
                    Touch Data Collection
                    
                    If its easier to make Icon flash or Red Border, please advise.
O-U-1-   01191009 E Paper Clip to Change Color when Notes Exist
                    When notes exist on Paper Clip Icon, change Color of Icon.
                    Folding Estimating
                    Corrugated Estimating
                    Order Processing
                    Purchasing
                    Touch Data Collection
                    
                    If its easier to make Icon flash or Red Border, please advise.
O-U-1-   01211007 E Paper Clip to Change Color when Notes Exist (Shared Mod)
                    The AR Aging is still printing notes created on the AQ1 (AR invoice inquiry) $ icon in the follow
                    ing year for invoices paid by 12/31/11.  If you print an aging on 1/01/12, Notes that were create
                    d in previous year for invoices that were paid in previous year should not print on aging.
                    
                    The AR Aging must not be checking the year for invoice note printing.
                    
                    See attachments for example in our database.
                    Customer 222222
O-U-1-   01221408 E RELEASE Button not Valid for INVOICE ONLY releases
                    See Attached.
                    Invoice Only should ONLY allow the BOL/INV Button.
                    RELEASE Button should be disabled.
                    A warning Message would be OK but Ideally RELEASE button should be Disabled.
                    
                    BOL/INV button is the only valid button to process an Invoice Only Release which is an I on the S
                    /I Field.
                    
                    
                    Please note, the Update, Delete and Add Button are still valid.
O-U-1-   01271206 E Customer # - Add MATCH functionality to browse sort
                    On OU1 Browser, When you F1 in the FG Customer# Field and search by "Name" (choice at bottom of s
                    creen), Add functionality to allow user to do MATCH search on the NAME column to enable user to s
                    earch items for any text that would be contained in the name (not just the beginning of the name)
                    .  
O-U-1-   01301203 E Order Entry Browser -  Add Item Name with WildCard Search
                    OU1 & OQ1 & OU6  Browsers
                    Change Column Heading  FG Item#   to FG Item# / Name
                    Under the Item Code add Name field to support 30 Character Space big enough to support 30 W's.   
                    
                    
                    Copy the same logic from E-F-1  Browser to seach by Item Name.
                    Add Wild Card Search with *..........*   to search items for any text that would be contained in 
                    the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    
                    For example, if I type *Bubble*  all the bubble wrap will display.
O-U-1-   01301204 E Order FG Item folder  Expand Desc Fields
                    See Order  204053
                    Note the Item Name and Description Fields may not show the entire 30 characters.
                    
                    1)  Change Item Name label to Name and Expand Description Field
                    2)  Change 1st Description label to Desc 1and Expand Description Field
                    3)  Change 2nd Description label to Desc 2 and Expand Description Field
O-U-1-   02131403 E Wildcard Search on F1 Lookup when Adding Items to Order
                    See Attached.
                    Add Item to any Order.
                    Press F1 on FG item Code.
                    Add logic to find as *wildcard search* on FG Item code, Customer Part# and Item Name.
                    
                    
                    If I type *Bubble*  this should find all items with those letters.
O-U-1-   02151302 E N-K RunShip
                    N-K-1 RunShip   (See Attached)
                    
                    Character Value = Spaces  
                    When adding orders for finished goods without an estimate number, the program will not prompt a m
                    essage to check either Managed Inventory or Run and Ship.   When adding Orders with an estimate n
                    umber, this WILL NOTautomatically check the Run and Ship Box.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 196

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    Character Value = Run&ShipPrompt  
                    When adding orders for finished goods without an estimate number, the program will prompt a messa
                    ge to check either Managed Inventory or Run and Ship.  When adding Orders with an estimate number
                    , this WILL automatically check the Run and Ship Box when Line Item has a Job#.  
                    
                    Logical Value = Yes.   When an estiamte number exists for an finished goods item, this will force
                     the Run and Ship Toggle Box to be checked.   If the Update Button is Check and the Toggle Box is
                     Unchecked, the Program will Check this Togge Box.
                      
                    Logical Value = No.  When an estiamte number exists for an finished goods item, the user can chec
                    k or uncheck the Run and Ship Toggle Box.
                    
O-U-1-   03011003 E Push Pin Icon by Order # (Shared Mod)
                    Add an Order# to the Push Pin File.    
                    Also add FG Item# to database but do not show on the Screen.  (This will be for future)
                    You will be able to add customer notes without Orders.
                    You will be able to add customer notes with orders.
                    Both will be viewed in Order Entry. 
                    Please note, Advantzware allows multiple line items.
                    It is possible to have a separate customer PO for each Line item.
                    Hence, you may need to add Many Purchase Order Attachments for one order. 
                    
                    For Example, Attachements added via A-F-1 with Notes such as 
                    Must Ship All Order COD will not have an Order Number
                    Must Place PO on all Orders will not have an Order Number
                    They will show on all orders via the Push Pin.
                    
                    In addition, a specific order you can attached a PO and enter the Order Number.
                    When adding the attachement via O-U-1, the order will transfer to the attachement.
                    When clicking the push pin in Order Entry, O-Q-1 or O-U-1 only notes for that specific order will
                     appear plus any attachement that DO NOT have an Order Number attached.
                    
                    
                    
O-U-1-   03011305 E N-K RELMERGE = "ALLOrders & Same Ship From Whse
                    See Attached.    Also read Solutions Tab.
                    RELEASE Button in ITEMS Tab looks at Releases on Release Tab.
                    New Character Valeu for N-K RelMerge = AllOrders&ShiptFromWhse
                    Copy Logic from Character Value = AllOrders
                    Existing Logic used by Premier is AllOrders.
                    
                    Logic will use new database field in the Release Tab called Ship From Whse.
                    When Clicking the Release Button on the O-U-1 Items Tab or Release Tab.
                    Only items with the same Shipto, Same Release Date and Same Ship From Warehouse will merge on O-T
                    -1.
                    For example,
                    A customer order may have the items with the Same Shipto and Same Ship Date.
                    Release for the same item may ship from different warehouse locations.
                    In addition, there may be 2 releases for same FG item, however,
                    Release Line 1 may be set to ship from Premier Manufacturing Plant.
                    Release Line 2 may be set to ship from Premier Warehouse.
                    Regardless of scenarios, the releases will only combine items with identical Shipto, Ship Date an
                    d Ship From Warehouse.
                    
                    April 13 Testing
                    Find Order 206208  FG Item 6x6x6 has two Ship Dates and Both pull From Warehouse BENPA
                    Nothing is On Hand in BenPA but the Release should be created for that Warehouse.
                    All Other Items ship from MAIN Warehouse
                    
O-U-1-   03011307 E Ship From Warehouse by User Id Popup on O-U-1 Line Items Tab
                    See Attached.
                    1)  N-U  Users File    
                          New Whs Table to select finished goods warehouses from I-F-4
                    2)  New Order Line Item Popup to Select Shipto and Ship From Warehouse.
                    3)  If this is Blank, the Release Folder Ship From Warehouse will transfer from the SHIPTO file.
                    4)  If only one Warehouse is defined, 
                         this warehouse will transfer to the Release Ship From Whse.   
                         No popup selection will be needed.
                    5)  If user ID has multiple warehouse options.  Then Attached Popup will display.
                    
                    For example,  Premier has following warehouses
                    Foam                Products stored in Warehouse A
                    Corrugated     Products stored in Warehouse B
                    Bubble Wrap Products stored in Warehouse C
                    Assembled    Products stored in Warehouse D
                    
                    If order entry clerk in Louisville has user ID Whse Table defined for warehouses A,B,C,D,E 
                    If they add 4 line items on one customer order.
                    Program will import default SHIP FROM Warehouse from Shipto File.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 197

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    However, Drop down / Lookup screen will allow user to select any of warehouses A,B,C,D,E
                    Once defined, SAVE button will write the SHIP FROM Warehouse to the Release Tab. 
O-U-1-   03021014 E User ID not being updated via Update Button
                    See order 201880  Attached.
                    This was entered by ASI.
                    However, I logged in as Joe and updated the PO#.
                    I also update the ITEM folder and changed the Unit Count.
                    Update and SAVE button on each folder should change the User ID.
                    
                    As name implies this is the LAST USERID to update the order.
O-U-1-   03031005 E Attached (Paper Clip Icon) Disappear after Saving
                    SEE ATTACHED...
                    Order 201877 has item 8x8x8 which has no estimate.
                    Added attachment via paperclip with no estimate.
                    When I tab past estimate, I get an error that is good.
                    However, if I then enter item 8x8x8 with a blank estimate, it lets me save.
                    However, I cannot recall this note.
                    
                    SAVE Item by FG item without Estimate.
                    This will display all notes for all items on an Order.
O-U-1-   03031108 E N-K OEPrepTaxCode?    Use Unique Tax Code for PREP ?
                    New fields in customer file called cust.spare-char-1= tax prep code & oe-ordm.spare-char-1= tax p
                    rep code
                    
                    Logical Value = No will not transfer the Tax code from the Customers Tax Prep Code.
                    
                    Logical value = Yes will use the Tax Prep Code? in the customer file.  
                    When Customer File has Tax Prep Code defined, this Tax Code will transfer to the Orders MISC fold
                    er and set the MISC taxable field to YES regardless of Customer Shipto Taxable Toggle or Customer
                     View Taxable Field.   If this is Blank, then the Orders VIEW screen Tax Code will display on MIS
                    C Folder.
                    
                    Prep (Misc Folder of Order) such as plates are not shipped to the customer but normally used in t
                    he manufacturing plant for making the boxes.  Thus when billing customers for PREP, the tax code 
                    should be based on the Tax Prep Code on the location of the manufacturing plant.
                    
                    The Customer and Shipto Taxable fields are used for Finished Goods Items.
                    Customer could be set as Non Taxable for FG Items, but Taxable for PREP.
                    The TOTALS folder of the Order will be increased by this taxable dollars.
                    The O-S-5 Invoice Creation will calculate the Invoice based on Prep Tax vs FG Item Tax.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-U-1-   03071204 E New Credit Hold Status
                    Need new SPARE field for Customer Order Status Hold.
                    We have a status field at top right of the order screnned.
                    This is automatically changed to H for HOLD for credit hold when credit or invoice due dates are 
                    exceeded.   Customer wants new status for HOLD that they can manually change.
                    New HOLD Button at bottom of View Order Folder which will change the status to HOLD.
                    
                    AO = Active Order = Order is open, everything good to go
                    PA = Price Approval Needed= everything including shipping is allowed except for                  
                                                                       invoicing, price must be approved first
                    OH = Order Hold = nothing can continue with the order due to any reason other than credit
                    CH = Credit Hold = nothing can continue with the order due to credit
                    MH = Manufacturing Hold = order can be entered, 
                                                                          purchasing can be done but cannot be conver
                    ted
                    SH = Shippiing Hold = order can be entered, purchasing can be done, 
                                                                     product can be converted but not shipped
                    FO = Finished Order & Closed = order is complete, shipped and invoiced
                    CA = Cancelled  Order = order is cancelled
                    NC = Non Compliance Issue Reported  = there is a NCR issue with the order
                    LO = Late Order =   Information Only.
                                                            Used by the expeditor to indicate that the customer has b
                    een called 
                                                              and informed that the order is late.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    Perhaps we should use the N-C change User Group Field.
                    New Group called 
                    ORDER STATUS HOLD
                    Then they can enter the Status Types
                    P = Sell Price Hold, C = Credit Limit Hold, O=Order Limit Hold, S= Shipping Hold, I = Invoice Hol
                    d, etc.   This will be available on an F1 Lookup.
O-U-1-   03111308 E N-K OECustPart#    Integer Value = 1 to Update FG Item View Part#
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 198

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    N-K OECustPart#.   
                    When creating a new Finished Goods Item, the Customer Part # from the order is always copied to t
                    he View Items Tab.   However, adding existing items to an order the logical value and integer val
                    ue will dictate the update method.  
                    The I-F-1 Totals/CP# tab can house uniquie part numbers per customer for the same finished goods 
                    item.  Orders may exist for a customer with an old customer part#.  When a new orders is added, t
                    he customer part number will import from the items Totals/CP# tab for that customer or from the I
                    -F-1 View Item Tab.  If the customer part number is changed when adding the item to the new order
                    , the logical value and integer value dictate how to update the part#.
                    
                    Logical Value = YES.  ADD button in Order Entry and change the Customer Part#.  If a part# exists
                     on the Totals/CP# tab for this customer, THEN the program will update the Totals/CP# tab for tha
                    t Customer's Part Number and will also update all the existing orders customer part number   The 
                    net result is that the customer's part number will be the same throughout all open and closed ord
                    ers.   Please note, a unique part# for this Customer must exist on the I-F-1 Total/CP# for existi
                    ng orders to be updated.   
                    
                    Logical Value = NO, the Update button in Order Entry will NOT update the Customer Part# on the To
                    tals Folder for that Finished Goods Item Code.   Therefore, existing orders will not be updated e
                    ither.   The net result, the new order will have a different Part# existing orders for the same f
                    inished goods item code.  This allows customer service to change the Part# on an order without im
                    pacting existing orders. 
                    
                    Integer Value = 0 Will NOT Update Customer Part# on the I-F-1 Finished Goods  Items View Folder. 
                      
                    
                    Integer Value = 1 WILL update the Customer Part# on the I-F-1 Finished Goods Item View Folder.  T
                    his will synchronized the customer part number on the order and the finished goods item file.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-U-1-   03111404 E Release Button Logic for Orders on Credit Hold
                    See Attached O-F-2 Order Control File.
                    When O-F-2 Field called Print Release Ticket is Checked.
                    Current Logic will allow printing a Release Ticket when the Order is on Hold. 
                    Current Logic will not allow creating the Release when the Order is on Hold.
                    
                    New Logic when Order is on HOLD
                    1)  Change Lable O-F-2  Release/Print Pick Tickets.
                    2)   When Order is on Hold and O-F-2 field is Checked.
                           New Logic will allow printing a Release Ticket when the Order is on Hold. 
                           New Logic will allow creating the Release when pressing Release Button.
                    3)   When Order is on Hold and O-F-2 field is UnChecked.
                           New Logic will NOT allow printing a Release Ticket when the Order is on Hold. 
                           New Logic will NOT allow creating the Release when the Order is on Hold.
                    In Summary, 
                    If Order is on Hold,  
                    If Field is Checked, the Release Ticket can be Printed, It can also be Released.
                    If Field is Unchecked, Release Cannot Printed and Release cannot beCreated .
                    ie.  Release Buttons will show message.  Sorry Order is on HOLD.
O-U-1-   03151304 E N-K RelType Release Type  (Bug from Billable Task 04011103)
                    N-K-1 RelType character value = Bill and Ship.
                    Logical Value = YES.
                    
                    There are not Customers defined in View Form.
                    
                    The Add a Release for Customre Code RICELE.
                    The Release is set to B for Bill and Ship.
                    Save Button changes the Status to S for Ship Only.
                    
                    
                    Please note, there may be logic to set release type to S if an previous release was Invoice Only.
                      However, this item had no other releases on this order.   Ship Only would only be set if a prev
                    ious release for this item and this specific order has a Completed INVOICE only release.
                    
O-U-1-   03211316 E New Button called Quote Pricing - (Shared Mod)
                    See Attached.
                    There is a popup and logic for N-K-1 OePriceCheck to shows Quote Pricing.
                    On O-U-1 Items Tab.
                    Add Buttton and Update button will have NEW Button Called "Quoted Prices"
                    This will Shows Quoted Prices by Customer by Finished Goods Item.
                    First, Priority will Show Quote with an Estimate Number.
                    If No Quote Exists with Estimate Number, Search for Quote without Estimate for this Customer.
                    If Quote does not have Estimate Number, then Display Quotes without Estimate.
                    If neither Exists, Search Price Matrix (This logic should exist)
                    If no Pricing exists in Quote or Price matrix, Import Price from I-F-1 (This Logic should Exist)
                    
                    Also on Popup Price List,  Replace OK button with Two Buttons
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 199

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    1st Button =   Import Price Only
                    2nd Button =  Import Price & Qty
                    
                    Reason for Mod.
                    Many items are produced via the J-U-1 and stored into Inventory.
                    The Orders do not have Estimates, however the FG item may have an Estimate.
                    Quotes are created fro Finished Goods Items with and without estiamtes.
                    Quotes are created for Purchased Finished Goods.
                    New Button will show priciing from the Quote File.
O-U-1-   03251305 E New Button called Quote Pricing   (Shared Mod)
                    See Attached.
                    There is a popup and logic for N-K-1 OePriceCheck to shows Quote Pricing.
                    On O-U-1 Items Tab.
                    Add Buttton and Update button will have NEW Button Called "Quoted Prices"
                    This will Shows Quoted Prices by Customer by Finished Goods Item.
                    First, Priority will Show Quote with an Estimate Number.
                    If No Quote Exists with Estimate Number, Search for Quote without Estimate for this Customer.
                    If Quote does not have Estimate Number, then Display Quotes without Estimate.
                    If neither Exists, Search Price Matrix (This logic should exist)
                    If no Pricing exists in Quote or Price matrix, Import Price from I-F-1 (This Logic should Exist)
                    
                    Also on Popup Price List,  Replace OK button with Two Buttons
                    1st Button =   Import Price Only
                    2nd Button =  Import Price & Qty
                    
                    Reason for Mod.
                    Many items are produced via the J-U-1 and stored into Inventory.
                    The Orders do not have Estimates, however the FG item may have an Estimate.
                    Quotes are created fro Finished Goods Items with and without estiamtes.
                    Quotes are created for Purchased Finished Goods.
                    New Button will show priciing from the Quote File.
O-U-1-   03291103 E Add part# to line item screen and release screen in the order
                    Currently to see the customer part# on the line item screen of the order, you have to do an updat
                    e or view.  
O-U-1-   04011103 E N-K RelType Release Type Default by Customer  (Cont Servive  PO# 26529
                    N-K-1 RelType    Default Release Type by Customer when pressing the ADD BUTTON.
                    Also, then N-K-1 OERELEAS Logical Value = YES, creates release when adding an order.  this must s
                    earch new N-K-1 RelType if Logical = YES.
                    
                    Logical Value = NO will not use this logic.    This will use existing logic for new orders.
                    Releases are currently automatically created with the status of "B" (Both, Ship and Invoice).  
                    When N-K-1 OERelease the release is automatically created during order entry.
                    This is via adding order with an estimate or without an estimate and when adding items on the ITE
                    MS folder.
                    
                    Logical Value = YES will use the character values in the View Form to set the release type by Cus
                    tomer and View Control  to set Release Type as Default.
                    
                    VIEW CONTROL & VIEW FORM Character Values =  Valid Types are Ship Only,  Transfer,  Bill &Ship,  
                     Invoice Only.    When value is Ship Only then the letter S will transfer to the Release Folder. 
                     When value is Invoice Only then the letter I will transfer to the Release Folder.  When value is
                     Bill & Ship then the letter B will transfer to the Release Folder.  
                    When value is Transfer Only then the letter T will transfer to the Release Folder.  
                    
                    VIEW CONTROL Character value will be default for all customers not defined on the VIEW FORM  when
                     logical value = YES.
                    
                    VIEW FORM Character value will allow adding CUSTOMERS to set a release type such as SHIP ONLY.  T
                    his will be the priority when Logical Value  is YES.   If customer is note defined, thent he VIEW
                     CONTROL character value will set the release type.
O-U-1-   04071010 E Sell Price Toggle Box for $ 0 Sell Price   ($75/Hour via Task# 0331101
                    1)   Add new toggle box next to SELL PRICE on release folder. 
                          (reftable "oe-rel.sell-price" val[2] 0 is no 1 is yes)
                    2)   When entering a sell price this will automatically be checked.
                    3)   When sell price = ZERO, the user may check this toggle box to Force a Sell Price = $0 on    
                              invoice.
                    
                    Add new toggle box next to SELL PRICE on release folder.
                    When entering a sell price this will automatically be checked.
                    When sell price = ZERO, the user may check this toggle box to Force a Sell Price = $0 on invoice.
                    
                    
                    
                    Please note, New Invoice Forms will print this Sell Price by Release (Task# 040711).
                    
                    05/03/10 AH - when sell price > 0 then toggle box is unchecked, when they enter zero on sell pric
                    e, toggle box is enabled and can be checked (to force $0 sell price on invoice).
                    
                    05/10/10 - The toggle box is there and you can check it.  Task 04071109 is in BJ's que. - Pat
O-U-1-   04080805 E Paper Clip to Change Color when Notes Exist (Shared Mod)
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 200

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    When notes exist on Paper Clip Icon, change icon to have red border.
                    Folding Estimating
                    Corrugated Estimating
                    Order Processing
                    Purchasing
                    Touch Data Collection
O-U-1-   04081306 E N-K RelMerge parameter required clean up of existing programs
                    In order to complete task 03011305, existing programs need to be consistent.
O-U-1-   04121107 E New Due Date Status Codes on Order and Line Item Status
                    Add the following due date status codes and descriptions to F1 browser:
                    PPR = Partial Production Run
                    
                    Add to F1 Lookup (Attached)
                    And Validate the new due date status code of PPR.
                    
                    This also needs to be added to the Line Item Folder (Priority Code on Items tab)
                    (Validate on line item screen).
O-U-1-   04121208 E Resize Project OU1
O-U-1-   04171308 E N-K OEFGADD   Logical Value = YES to Creating New FG Items
                    Control Parameter called N-K-1 OEFGADD 
                    Security Program named OEFGADD under Program Master
                    
                    Advantzware will always create new finished goods items from estimates that do not have an Item c
                    ode on the estimate.   However, when adding orders without an estimate number, order entry allows
                     creating new  finished goods during order entry.  This may result in customer service creating f
                    inished goods items by mistake.    For example, the user may type an order quantity in the Finish
                    ed Goods Item Code by accident.  The Program Prompts to Create and Item.
                    
                    Logical Value = YES   Program will prompt to create FG Item Master in the I-F-1 Item File.
                    However, message will only display the Prompt to add a new FG item if their USER ID is on the Pro
                    gram Master Security Program name OEFGADD.
                    
                    Logical Value = NO,  Program will not Prompt to create a new FG Item i f this item does not exist
                     in the finished goods file.
                    
                     
O-U-1-   04301209 E Order ITEM folder  Add 3rd Description Line Field
                    Add  new Description Field called Description 3 to Items Folder.
                    This will be added direclty under Name and Descripiton 1 and 2.
                    Expand etire screen to all extra line.
                    
                    N-K-1 OFFGUpt 9th character value field will determine if the Orders description line 3 will upda
                    te the finished goods finished goods description line 3.  If this field is N then it will not tra
                    nsfer.  If this character is Y, then the orders description will update this field.
                    Please note, this must be changed via ADD button on View order and ITEMS folder when adding a new
                     FG item via estimating, via new FG item without and estimate and also via the UPDATE button.
                    
                    Also, Finished Goods Item folder I-U-1 has option to update the 3rd Description line.
                    If this is changed, the POPUP must be modified to update the Orders Description line.
                    
                    See Attached for Popup that must be modified.
O-U-1-   05041008 E Quote Popup group by quote # instead of item #
                    Added quote # fillin because Marie thought her people would be very upset if they had to click ea
                    ch item of a quote.
O-U-1-   05041103 E JOB CHECK MARK ICON
                    Please COPY  the new Job Checklist Icon to Order Entry.
                    See Attached
O-U-1-   05141007 E N-K INVPRINT = CCFGLOT (Bayer)
                    (5/25) Invoice mods for customer Bayer (only) are approved.  Attached you will find invoices for 
                    4 of our customers that require certain information to be displayed a certain way on their invoic
                    es. For each customer there is a sample attached of an original invoice and then a cut/paste vers
                    ion which we send to the customer. Please take a look at these and let either myself of Bob know 
                    what can be done so that we aren't having to do the cut and paste method.
                    
O-U-1-   05151401 E Order Entry Browser -  Add WildCard Search
                    OU1 & OQ1 & OU6  Browsers
                    
                    Add Wild Card Search with *..........*   to search items for any text that would be contained in 
                    the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    For example, if I type *Bubble*  all the bubble wrap will display.
                    
                    1) Add wild Card Search to Item#
                    2) Add wild Card Search to Item Name
                    3) Add wild Card Search to Cust Part#.
                    
                    
                    Add the wild card to O-U-1 Order Browser which only shows open Orders
                    Add the wild card to O-Q-1 Order Query
                    Add the wild card to O-U-6 Closed Orders 
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 201

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    PLEASE NOTE.
                    We still need to be able to search by mulitple fields.
                    For example Customer = Miller   and  Item# = *Miller*
O-U-1-   05161408 E N-K RELMERGE View Control = ShipFromWhse&SamePO#
                    N-K RELMERGE =  View From = ShipFromWhse&SamePO#
                    New release Merging to put items with same Customer PO# and Same Ship From on the Release Tab.  
                    
                    For Example.
                    Add Customer Code on VIEW FormTab.
                    For each Customer = TACOBELL.
                    View Form Character Value = ShipFromWhse&SamePO#SamePO#.
                    See ASI order 207704
                    Items 4x4x4, 5x5x5, 6x6x6 and 7x7x7 will ship from MAIN
                    Item Bubble .25"  will ship from NJ.
                    All items have the same Customer PO#.
                    
                    Form Items Tab.  Click RELEASE button.
                    This would create two unique Release Numbers.
                    The box Items will be on the 1st  Release Number.
                    The bubble wrap will be on 2nd Release Number.
                    
O-U-1-   05181004 E N-R util/fxordcst.r     Utility to update Order Cost and Margin Fields
                    N-R util/fxordcst.r     Utility to update Order Cost and Margin Fields
O-U-1-   05221306 E N-K RelMerge   ITEMS Tab - Release Button
                    Orders with Multiple Items (See Attached)
                    
                    I think this logic was changed on the Logical Value.
                    It use to only Merge when the OT1 release was Printed.
                    Now it will prompts to merge for each Item.
                    So an order with 15 items will require YES 15 times.
                    In the Past, it prompted 1 time and added all 15 times to the same release number.
                    
                    New BUTTON.  To remove an confusion
                    1) Change YES label to Prompt for Each Item.
                          Yes already will prompt to merge each item when NK1 RelMerge = YES.
                    2)  New Button = ALL Items
                          This  button will work like NK1RelMerge Logical Value = NO.
O-U-1-   05281401 E Excel Export issue
                    OU1- Excel export Icon:
                    
                    Print From 01/01/14 to 12/31/14
                    Print only FG item = FAT TIRE.
                    The order number 207580 prints twice on the Excel Output. 
                    The reason is because we added the Release Qty as a selectable field.
                    
                    1) Add new Toggle Box.
                         Print Detail by Release Date?
                         Yes will print as this currently prints.
                    
                         Print Detail by Release Date?  = NO.
                         Then this will only print one line per FG item per Order.  
                         This will only print the 1st Release. 
                         This was the Logic before making the programming change for Release Date.
O-U-1-   06011013 E Sell Price Toggle Box  ($75/Hour via Task# 04071010 via 03311011)
                    Only 1 Hour billed on previous task of total 4 Hours 
                    Sell Price Toggle Box  ($75/Hour via Task# 04071010 via 03311011)
O-U-1-   06141008 E Pallet Position Field as Maximize Allowed Pallets in Warehouse
                    I) Add Toggle Box in customer file called " Pallet Positions" (9999) are assigned to a customer
                    II)  When adding an order (changed to add or update order)
                        A)  If  Pallet Positions (9999) box in the customer file = zero, 
                              then continue with order as normal
                        B)  If  Pallet Positions (9999) box in the customer file greater than zero
                             1) and Inventory Item File Field "Stocked" is not checked continue with order as normal
                             2) and Inventory Item File Field "Stocked" is checked THEN
                                  a)  System calculate total pallets on hand for this customer for "Stocked items"
                                  b)  System calculate total pallets for open orders for this customer "Stocked items
                    "
                                  c)  If the total number of pallet positions for  "Stocked items" for this customer
                                        exceeds (total number of pallets in inventory + the total number of open orde
                    rs)  
                                        Then, Order will be placed on hold, with following message.
                                         Customers Total Pallets for Stocked Items exceeds Approved Pallet Positions
                    
O-U-1-   06211103 E Release Status = T to Update new Field called Transfer Qty
                    New Order Inquiry Field called Transfer Qty added Next to Ship Qty.
                    Two scenarios exist for transfers between 10 states.
                    The BILLTO to may be for a customer (ASI Order 204184), or the bill to code may be for the box pl
                    ant (ASI Order 204185 for customer with status =X).    
                    This new logic for orders with the customer bill to is the customer = status X for an Order Statu
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 202

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    s = T which will have a release status = B for Bill and Shp for Transfer Orders.  
                    This new field will also be updated for Release Statuses = T for Normal Orders.
                    
                    For example, Premier Packaging will add an order with the Customer as Premier.
                    The customer file for Premier has a status = X.
                    Under this scenario, the finished goods items may be for many different customers.
                    The reason for this type of order is simply to transfer finished goods to another warehouse.
                    
                    Therefore, the Transfer Qty via bill of lading should check the bill to customer status.
                    If this is X, then the Transfer Qty will be updated.
                    Likewise, when the invoice is deleted from O-B-1.  the Transfer Qty  will be increased.
                    View order 204185 & 204184 after posting BOL and note the ship quantity is zero.
                    Thats because we did not ship to customer.
                    This new field will be updated to display the quantity transferred.
                    
                    Please note, the current logic already closes the order line.
                    
                    
                    
O-U-1-   06231006 E N-K RELPRINT = PremierX
                    Request for new checkbox on Order Item Detail screen to be named "Run & Ship".  
                    If the checkbox is marked, RS will print on the pick ticket next to the line item.
                    
                    oe-ordl.whsed
O-U-1-   06301402 E Release Tab  - Change Label to Release Date
                    See Attached.
                    
                    1.  Change Column Heading from Date to Rel Date.
                          Column Width should be no wider than the size of the date = 99/99/9999
                    
                    2.   Reduce size Release#   to be the size of the Column Heading 
                    
                    3.   Reduce size Int Release# to be the size of the Column Heading 
                     
                    4.   Add new Column Ship Date from the Bill of Lading.
                          Format 99/99/9999
O-U-1-   07091206 E N-K ADDRELSE = NO TAGS as new Character Value
                    Original task 07091206 not working.  On their system, order 335692 should have created the releas
                    e with 3 items.  Only 2 items were released (that's a problem) and the counter said 3 were releas
                    ed (that's a problem).
                    
                    ORIGINAL TASK NOTES:
                    Character Value = No Tags.   This will be Identical Logic to Bins/Tags with System Selecting NO T
                    ags and Program will not Prompt to Select No Tags.
                    
                    To Test 
                    Click O-U-1,  
                    Click ITEMS tab.
                    Click Release Button to Release All Items on the Screen Simultaneously by Release Date.
                    When creating an ACTUAL release on an order,  Currently display POPUP if Character Value = Bin/Ta
                    gs.
                    This POPUP will  will No Longer Appear when Character Value = NO TAGS.
                    
                    
                    At End program will display the total number of Items released / created on the O-T-1 Release Scr
                    een  
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-U-1-   07091210 E New HISTORY Button Logic to Select Multiple FG Items form Past Invoice
                    HISTORY Button new Logic to select multiple Finished Goods Items.
                    New Columns Select,  Quantity and Order#.
                    Select Column and Quantity Field will be Updated.
                    Once User clicks selects Field for an Item, then can TAB to the Quantity.
                    The Quantity Entered will Transfer to the ITEMS tab of the New Order.
                    
                    Add YELLOW columns on the Window to allow sorting columns.
                    Add Order# to the Search AUTOFIND field at the Bottom of the Window.
                    This will allow users to type a specific Past Order Number for this Customer.
                    Then click speciific items or all tems from past order to the new Orders.
                    
                    EXSITING LOGIC FOR PRICE FOR HISTORY BUTTON WILL CONTINUE AS FOLLOWS:
                    ADD order for cusotmer ATT1000, 
                    Click Add on item screen then click the HISTORY button to right of FG item code.
                    Click the item 12x12x12 and a list of past invoice sales will appear.    
                    Once an item and quantity are selected, the quantity and price will import to the Items screen.  
                      
                    The program will FIRST search the Price Matrix under O-F-3 for a price.    
                    This is the same logic as adding a new item without selecting the History Button.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 203

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    The search currently finds the price by customer,  then customer type , then item based on the qu
                    antity.   If a price does not exist for an item in the price matrix,  
                      System will PROMPT,  No price exists in the price matrix,  Import Sell Price from History.     
                                        YES will then import the price from the sales history window.   
                                NO, will import the quantity but not the sell price.
O-U-1-   07091302 E N-K-1 JobCardC = TriLakes2 to Print New DB Field On O-U-1 Items Tab
                    New Logic is for   N-K-1 Schedule   Character Value = NoDate
                    
                    Currently Job Tickets print the Production Date from the View Order Tab.
                    The Production Date prints on the Job Ticket.
                    However, many orders do not have an estimate or job on the View Order Tab.
                    Each Estimate on the ITEMS tab may have a unique Job Start Date.
                    
                    Solution.
                    1) New Job Start Date Field  (See Attached)
                    2) Updating Job Start Date on Items Tab WILL NOT update Job Start Date in J-U-1
                    3) Updating Job Start Date on J-U-1 will search Order Number and Update O-U-1 Items Tab.
                    4) Updating Production Date on O-U-1 Production Date will Have new Prompt.
                         Update All Items?   Yes will update Job Start Date on O-U-1 Items Tab 
                    5) O-U-1 Items Job Start Date will Update All ITEMS simultaneousely that are on the Job.
                         For example, sets, tandems, combo jobs and 2 piece boxes will update all O-U-1 Lines.
                    6) Job Ticket will be modified to print Job Start Date from J-U-1 in Place of Production Date via
                          O-U-1 View Order Tab.
                    
                    
                    J-U-1 Job Start Date and Route Tab Tab will not be updated via this Task.
                    
                    
O-U-1-   07091411 E MISC Tab
                    MISC Folder has several database fields in the database that are not listed on the MISC tab.
                    
                    1) Add FG Item Code
                    2) Add S/B
                    3) Add Estimate
                    
O-U-1-   07151010 E N-K OEFGItem#  Character Value = Hughes
                    Current logic is to increment ending numbers for each new item by customer.
                    This creates an item number such as BIBM1000041A99
                    B represents the first letter of the product category.
                    The next six to eight characters is the customer code.
                    The next digits are sequential number.   (This will end at all 999999)
                    Next Letter is a Default of the letter A.   (New logic when number is A999999 to change to B)
                    The last 3 digits are A99 for a single item estimate or A00 and A01, A02 for set and set parts.
                    
                    Therefore, if all numbers after customer code and before the letter A are 9's.
                    There change letter to a B and start sequence with 00001.
                    
                    
                    Please note, customer code size determines how maximum number of sequential numbers.
                    
                    ESP - BJ said not to do it that way because A,B, etc. represent revision #s.  Discussing with the
                    m how to solve problem.
O-U-1-   07181203 E On Order and Allocated Quantities for Components  (Cust Part# Miller 6
                    ON ORDER = Jobs or PO Quantity on Order Less FG Receipts.
                    QTY ALLOCATE = Order Qty Less Shipment.Button
                    O-U-1 and I-F-1 the Quanitites Components must explode the components of  Sets.
                    Each set has a tab called PARTS which has the Qty/Set and FG Items required to build a SET.
                    The components Allocated Qty Allocated must be exploded by multipling the Set FG  Items Order Qty
                     times Component Parts Qty per Set.   
                    
                    The Components ON ORDER quantity is not currently working because the Job File only shows the Set
                     Header.   This should work for both Assembled and Unassembled Sets.
                    Each components Jobs On Order must be exploded by multipling the Set FG  Items Job Qty times Comp
                    onent Parts Qty per Set Less Jobs Receipts.  Purchase Orders for Sets will also multiple by the Q
                    ty/Set for each Component less the PO Receipt of the Set.   Purchase Orders for Components will n
                    ot multiply the qty/set.    
                    
                    Find ASI Order 204800. for UnAssembled Set item Matt21-8853  (Cust Part# Miller 64)
                    This has 1 RSC, 2 Length Partitions and 3 Width Partitions.
                    The Order is for 5000 sets with 10% overrun.  
                    However, N-K-1 JobQty parameter uses the Overrun to set the Job Qty = 5500.
                    Thus the FG Item ON ORDER (For the Job) is 5500
                    This requires 5500 RSC, 27500 Lengths and 16500 Widths.
                    Click FG Item Tab.   Click Invetory Tab.   Click ON ORDER Button for any component.
                    This is not working because only the SET item is on the job file.
                    Logic must be added to multiple the Set Item by the Parts per Set.
O-U-1-   07301208 E Misc Folder Line# field added to Screen
                    O-U-1,  ITEMS tab,  UPDATE button there is a Ln#.  
                    This allows the box plant to type the line number of the customers purchase order.
                    This will print in the Ln# Column on the invoice. 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 204

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    Hughes needs similar logic for the MISC tab.
                    Add new Database field call Line#
                    Customer will type this number.
                    
                    See attachment.
                    
                    Separate Mod will written to the INvoice to print the Line# for the MISC charge.
O-U-1-   08021104 E Utility to update release status.     Not Approved
                    See attachments:  
                    2 Items (QG71001949 and QG71001953) from Ord#9309 were released as Invoice Only.
                    Both items were shipped (BOL 8477), and invoiced (Inv#8530) together:  
                    However, the status of the releases in OU1 is "I" and the "Actual Qty" is not there.  
                    
                    Need Quote for hours to Fix Release Statuses?
                    Create new utiltiy to create or update the release status that is not displayed.
                    Please note, there is a new release status database field that should exist.
                    The utility should check for releases for that order.
                    If the release is in O-T-1 file, the status will be an A or B.
                    If the release is in the O-S-1 file, the status should be a P.
                    If the relese is in the O-B-1 file, that status should be a Z.
                    If the release is a posted invoice, the status should be C for completed.
O-U-1-   08031105 E Add ability to update Price Matrix in OU1.
                    O-U-1 Price Matrix currently is View Only.
                    Find Order 203660.  Click Matrix.
                    This shows all items.
                    This menu should simply go to O-F-3 as if updating that file.
                    It should work similar to FGItem Tab.
                    
                    Clicking Matrix Tab will preload Matrix and find the customer and FG item.
                    
                    Existing Security via Program Master will provide security by 
                    User can then Add, change, delete matrix based on existing Security 
                    
                    
O-U-1-   08031201 E FREEZE Weight Toggle Box for Lbs/100
                    See Attached 
                    See Order for Estimate 9750.
                    Click FG Item folder and change Lbs/100 to $4
                    From O-U-1, Click Update and Save.  This will convert this back to $6.10.
                    When FREEZE field is checked, this should not happen.
                    
                    New toggle box field in the FG item file called FREEZE WEIGHT.
                    If this is checked, updates to the order will no longer update this field.
                    This will allow your plant to input the weight of 100 boxes and input the real weight.
                    Updating orders, etc will not change this field if the box is checked.
                    
                    This will work similar to the other fields in the N-K-1 OEFGUPDT when the character value = N.
                    When character field = N then that field will not be updated when changing an order line.
                    
                    
                    I-F-1 Totals Folder.
                    Update Button also will update the Lbs/100.
                    If toggle box is checked this will not be updated.
O-U-1-   08041001 E N-K OEPriceCheck   Logical Value =  Yes  Request for PopUp
                    N-K-1 OEPriceCheck?   will Compare Order Price to Quoted Price.
                    When adding orders without an estimate number, the current logic imports sales price from either 
                    the O-F-3 price matrix or I-F-1 finished goods file.  In addition, a user may type the sales pric
                    e on the Order ITEMS folder.
                    
                    Logical Value = NO.  Will be the default and continue to use the existing logic.
                    
                    Logical Value = YES.  Software program will check for quote file for last quoted price for that i
                    tem for that customer.    If the price entered on the Order Line item is different from the last 
                    quoted price.  Display Dialog Box.
                    Quote Date,    Quote#,   Quoted Quantity,  Quoted Price,      Quoted UOM
                    10/15,2010       999999                     100,000   $         15,000.00            M
                    10/15,2010       999999                     200,000   $         10,000.00            M
                    10/15,2010       999999                     500,000   $               800.00            M
                    10/15,2010       999999               10,000,000   $               100.00            M
                    
                    Highlight Price & Double Click to Import  or Press CANCEL 
                    CANCEL will keep current Price that was entered on the Order.
                    
                    
                    
O-U-1-   08241205 E ASI Login:  New DELETE Button Functionality
                    When logging in as ASI, the DELETE button should prompt to delete release.
                    YES will delete without invoking any triggers to reset the release status or other fields.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 205

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Adapt-A Pak Order number 5517 has a release 7106 that is bogus.
                    The PO# shows a ?.   There is no bill of lading for this release.
                    However, the release status shows a P.
                    
                    Since no BOL exists for this Release, ASI should be able to DELETE the release.
                    
                    
                    
                    Basically, this would be like running a new utility except it would run from the DELETE button 
                    ONLY when logged in a ASI.
O-U-1-   08261102 E N-K RelMerge   Character Value SamePoOnly
                    View Control New Character Value = SamePO#Only     This logic will be similar to ALL ORDERS but t
                    his will ONLY allow the same PO# for All Orders with same Shipto and Date.
                    To Test, release orders 203512 & 203517 for PO# = StClair.  
                    
                    View Form New Character Value = SamePO#Only   NO OTHER options will exist on VIEW FORM character 
                    value.   Save will not allow saving a customer code to view form unless Character Value = SamePO#
                    Only.   This logic will be work exactly like View Control logic however, program will check by sp
                    ecific Customer,Shipto and Date.   Thus certain customers will only allow combining releases for 
                    the same PO#, therefore, if the customer code is defined on the View Control and View Control Cha
                    racter Value is SamePO#Only, then release will ONLY be combined for this customer if the same PO#
                    , same shipto and same release date exist.     If the customer code does not exist on VIEW FORM t
                    hen the existing logic will be used on the View Control Screen.
                    
                    Existing Logic is as Follows:
                    Currently, if the Logical Value is YES, the releases may be merged together.  
                    YES will trigger the prompt to add to printed release.  NO, will not prompt or merge to printed r
                    elease.
                    Character value is Blank or ALL ORDERS then creating a release will check if actual releases exis
                    t with the same customer and shipto address with the same date.  If an actual release exists unde
                    r O-T-1, the system prompts to combine this release regardless if the PO#'s are different.
O-U-1-   09121412 E MISC Tab to Update FG Item Code
                    New Fields were added on the MISC Folder.
                    Now we need to update those fields.
                    
                    1) F1 on FG Item Code on Misc Tab will only show FG items on the Order.
                         However, the User can Type a different FG item.
                    
                    2)  When Adding a MISC charge, the FG item on the order should transfer.
                          If multiple FG Item are on the order, the program will Prompt to Select an Item.
                    
                    
O-U-1-   09131001 E N-K OEREORDR Log Value = ? Based on Scheduled quantity
                    Currently, the logical value allows the allocated quantity to work off of on order quantity or ac
                    tual release quantity.
                    Need new option to show allocated based on scheduled quantity.
O-U-1-   09131306 E Release Unassembled Set to Automatically Create Component Releases
                    See Attached.   New Logic for ADD button for UnAssembled Sets.
                    User cannot add Release for Unassembled Sets.   Only Components can be Releases.
                    ADD Button will prompt Message?
                    
                    Set Quantity to Create Component Releases?  YES
                    Shipto Code            XXXXXXXX
                    Set Qty                       999,999
                    Set Release Date 99/99/99    
                    Customer PO#        ABCDEFGHIJKLMNO   (15 Characters) 
                    Replace Existing Date ? Y/N
                                                                                 Proceed?  YES,  NO   CANCEL.
                    
                    Yes will automatically, create a new Release for Each Component.
                    Each Component Release Qty will be Set Qty x Qty per Set from Set Parts Tab.
                    For Example, Release 1000 Miller Sets Above will create the Following: 
                    Release for 1000 RSC (Qty/Set = 1)
                    Release for 5000 Width Partitions   (Qty/Set = 5)
                    Release for 3000 Length Partitions (Qty/Set = 3)
                    
                    Test with Order 206707
                    Replace Existing Release will Search for Release Types S, I or L only matching Release Date, Purg
                    e Release and Add new Release for new Release Qty for Each Component.
O-U-1-   09191305 E Add Help Field for Job Start Date
                    See Attached.   The Following Text should be in the new Help when pressing F3 on this field.
                    
                    New Logic is for   N-K-1 Schedule   Character Value = NoDate
                    
                    Currently Job Tickets print the Production Date from the View Order Tab.
                    The Production Date prints on the Job Ticket.
                    However, many orders do not have an estimate or job on the View Order Tab.
                    Each Estimate on the ITEMS tab may have a unique Job Start Date.
                    
                    Solution.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 206

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    1) New Job Start Date Field  (See Attached)
                    2) Updating Job Start Date on Items Tab WILL NOT update Job Start Date in J-U-1
                    3) Updating Job Start Date on J-U-1 will search Order Number and Update O-U-1 Items Tab.
                    4) Updating Production Date on O-U-1 Production Date will Have new Prompt.
                         Update All Items?   Yes will update Job Start Date on O-U-1 Items Tab 
                    5) O-U-1 Items Job Start Date will Update All ITEMS simultaneousely that are on the Job.
                         For example, sets, tandems, combo jobs and 2 piece boxes will update all O-U-1 Lines.
                    6) Job Ticket will be modified to print Job Start Date from J-U-1 in Place of Production Date via
                          O-U-1 View Order Tab.
                    
                    
                    J-U-1 Job Start Date and Route Tab Tab will not be updated via this Task.
O-U-1-   10031407 E N-K OEPriceMatrixCheck    Log Value = Yes will Confirm Quantity
                    Logical Value = NO will not prompt.
                    
                    Logical Value = YES  will prompt warning message.
                    Quantity Ordered by Customer does not Match Quantity in Price Matrix for this Customer.
                    Please Press Matrix Tab to Confirm Pricing.
                    
                    SAVE button on Item Tab for Orders without Estimates.
                    Will search O-F-3 Price Matrix for FG Item matching the FG Item on the Order.
                    If quantity on order matches a quantity on the matrix, there will be no warning.
                    If quantity on order DOES NOT match a quantity on the matrix, the warning will display.
                    
                    "Quantity Ordered by Customer does not Match Quantity in Price Matrix for this Customer.
                    Please Press Matrix Tab to Confirm Pricing."
O-U-1-   10051205 E Add "Seq #" to OU1 Release Tab Browse, OT1 Release Line Browse & Rel p
                    For support purposes, add Seq# column to Browses in:
                    OU1 Release Tab
                    OT1 Release Line
                    
                    Also, add column that displays same information on Release Posting Report
O-U-1-   10181208 E N-K RunShip   ($20,000 Contract)
                    N-K-1 RunShip   (See Attached)
                    
                    Character Value = Run&Ship Prompt
                    Orders with an estimate, will automatically check the Run & Ship toggle box.
                    Orders without estimate number will prompt customer service the following message:
                    Run and Ship?               
                    Yes - will Check the Run & Ship Toggle Box 
                    No   - will not check the Run & Ship Toggle box.
                    In all cases, the cursor will skip the Run & Ship Toggle Box when the character field is Run&Ship
                    .
                    
                    Character Value = No Prompt or Spaces
                    The user must manually check or uncheck the Run & Ship Toggle Box 
                    No prompt or automatic logic for the toggle box.
                    This has been the existing logic.
O-U-1-   10221406 E F1 on FG Item/Name   *Wildcard* on Description
                    Type ATT-2297
                    Click Items Tab and View.
                    The Name and all descriptions have ATT-2297 in the text.
                    
                    1) Click  O-U-1
                         Click FG Item#/Name and 
                         Press F1.
                         Click AutoFind by  3) Description.
                         Type *ATT*    This does not work.
                    
                    2)  Expand the Size of the F1 Screen.  
                          The Description Field is too small to see the entire description..
O-U-1-   10231406 E Add new Order.  F1 on Customer to show Only Active Customers
                    Click O-U-1
                    Click Add.
                    F1 on Customer Code.
                    This should exclude Inactive Customers.
                    
                    A-F-1 Cusotmers such as Customer 00005 is Inactive.
                    Customers that are Inactive should ot display on the F1 Lookup.
                    Make sure ALL AutoFind radio button on the F1 in Add mode exclude Inactive Customers.
                    
                    
                    
                    Please note.
                    DO NOT TOUCH the O-U-1 Browser Lookup by Customer.
                    They still need to find all customers for Order History Lookups.
O-U-1-   10241105 E N-K FGFreightClass FG item Freight Class to Transfer from Zone
                    N-K-1 FGFreightClass  
                    Logical value NO -  This will use the existing logic for freight  class and costing.  This will u
                    se 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 207

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    the item code defined in the N-K-1 FGMASTER character value when creating a new FG item code when
                     adding new orders from an estimate.  Also, when adding a new finished goods item from I-F-1 or v
                    ia O-U-1.
                    
                    Logical Value = YES   will use new logic to find the Freight Class.
                    The A-F-7 must have all the possbile Freight Classes for all truck companies. 
                    The A-F-1 customer file must have the appropriate carrier defined such as FEDX.  
                    The delivery zones in the truck matrix tab under A-F-8 Truck/Carrier file must be be defined with
                     the Freight Class codes for each trucking company.  For example, the Truck Code = FEDX will have
                     delivery zones for each zip code defined as 55, 70, 100 and 150. In addition, each zip code must
                     be defined under the appropriate delivery zone with the freight rate cost.  When adding an estim
                    ate, the delivery zone and zip code will transfer to the estimates Inks/Packs Folder and used to 
                    calculate the cost of freight. When adding an order from an estimater, a new finished goods item 
                    code will be created and the estimate will transfer the delivery zone to the new items Freight Cl
                    ass Field.    
                    
                    
                    POSTING releases will create a bill of lading and calculate the freight based on freight class.  
                    When updating a bill of lading and changing the quantity on a bill of lading line, the freight co
                    st will be recalculated.
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-U-1-   10291008 E New Due Date Status Codes add descriptions
                    Add the following due date status codes and descriptions.  
                    
                    "AM Delivery,As Soon As Possible,Customer P/U,BY,Credit Hold,Hold For Release,Hold,Hot,W/F Ink,Ma
                    ke & Hold,Must,Not B4,Or Earlier,On,Rework,Rush,Tooling,$$$"  
O-U-1-   11021216 E N-K OEAutoPO & AutoPrep Security ($20,000 Contract)
                    New Security P rogram for each of the following N-K-1 Parameters.
                    
                    N-K-1 OEAutoPO -   Board PO
                    Option to secure this program by user ID.  Currently, when Character Value = Auto or AuotRM, the 
                    program will prompt the order entry person to create a purchase order for board material.  This i
                    s a useful option that will save time.  However, only purchase agents should have this option.  N
                    ew security will only allow Buyers to see this prompt so that they can create  PO in seconds.   S
                    imply find order line, click update and save and system will prompt to create PO.
                    
                    N-K-1 OEAutoFG - FG PO
                    Option to secure this program by user ID.  Currently, when logical value = YES, the program will 
                    prompt the order entry person to create a purchase order for finished goods items below the reord
                    er level.  This is a useful option that will save time.  However, only purchase agents should hav
                    e this option.  New security will only allow Buyers to see this prompt so that they can create PO
                     fro finished goods in seconds. Simply find order line, click update and save and system will pro
                    mpt to create PO.
                    
                    N-K-1 OEAutoPrep - PREP PO
                    Option to secure this program by user ID.  Currently, when logical value = YES, the program will 
                    prompt the order entry person to create a purchase order for preparation materials such as plates
                     and dies. This is a useful option that will save time.  However, only purchase agents should hav
                    e this option.  New security will only allow Buyers to see this prompt so that they can create pu
                    rchase orders for prep materials in seconds.
                    Simply find order line, click update and save and system will prompt to create PO.
                    
O-U-1-   11041102 E Add ability to update Price Matrix in OU1.  (Original Task 08031105)
                    O-U-1 Price Matrix currently is View Only.
                    Clicking Matrix should preload AutoFind to find the cost for this customer.
                    Autofind only allows 1 parameter.   This should autofind FG Item.
                    However,  sell prices may be defined by Customer or by Customer Type.
                    Therefore, if a matrix for this customer exists for this item only that could diplay.
                    .
                    Add Button to UPDATE  the sales prices for the matrix via order entry.
                    Security for existing matrix will apply.
                    
                    O-U-1 price matrix cannot be replaced with O-F-3.
                    Existing matrix  can be replaced with new browser/viewer for the order's customer .
                    for Security, we can use O-F-3's security to allow user update/delete/add.
                    
                    As I described short in task, I need more spec before to quote hours.
                    If user changes matrix while entering orders, is new matrix supposed to applly new price?
                    Depend on the way they want, it could be 8 hours task or more than 20 hours task.
                    
O-U-1-   11041309 E Release Tab - Add Button  Warning Message on Billable Release
                    See Attached.
                    Click O-U-1 Release Tab and Clcik Add B - Bill Only releases without any warning message.
                    Customer service reps are adding releases with the Wrong S/I Type.
                    When adding a new release, if an Invoice Only Release exists.
                    The total Actual Qty of Ship Only releases should equal the Invoice Only Quantity.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 208

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    See Order 207070, which has Order Qty for 1000.
                    This has S/I Invoice Type = I for Invoice Only for Release for 1000.
                    Click ADD and S/I Release type B is entered, 
                    SAVE Button Must Calculate
                    Invoice Only releases exist, calculate     Invoice only Qty minus Ship Only.
                    If Balance is Above ZERO.   Prompt Warning.
                    
                    " Invoice Only Quantity Exceeds Ship Only Quantity.
                    "Ship Only Release should be added to Offset Invoice Only Quantity.  
                    Please Change Release Type to S for Ship Only ".  
                    This will allow them to proceed if they want to.   This will only be a warning message.
                    
                    In my example, Order 20707 has INvoice Qty = 1000.   No Ship Only Quantities.
                    So,  1000 - 0 = 1000  so this is above ZERO.
                    Warning Message Should Display.
                    
O-U-1-   11041403 E N-K OESellPriceXfer    Option to Transfer OE Price to Invoice
                    N-K  OESellPriceXfer    Option to Transfer OE Price to Invoice
                    Logical value = YES, this will prompt to update the Invoice Selling Price.
                    
                    O-U-1 ITEMS TAB.
                    When changing the Selling Price and/or Sell UOM, on the Order.
                    If an existing release with Status = Z for Unposted Invoice, 
                    (which resides on the O-B-1 Items Tab)
                    SAVE BUTTON.
                    Program  will prompt.
                    Unposted Invoice Exists,  Transfer new Sell Price to Invoice?
                    Yes will transfer this Selling Price to O-B-1.
                    No, will Save Order without updating the O-B-1 Selling Price and UOM.
O-U-1-   11301214 E N-K RunShip   Prompted to Run& Ship to Manage Inventory
                    N-K-1 RunShip   (See Attached)
                    
                    Move this box under the Managed Inventory Toggle Box
                    
                    Character Value = Run&Ship
                    CHANGE PROMPT logic
                    Prompt now says RUN and SHIP
                    Yes  or NO.
                    This should say.
                    
                    Run & Ship     or Manage Inventory.
                    Whichever is clicked will check that Toggle Box.
                    
                    
                    So YES box is replaced with Run & Ship
                    NO Box is replaced with Manage Inventory.
O-U-1-   12041206 E New R&S and MI Columns for Browser for Order Entry
                    Add new columns to O-U-1 Browser.  (See Attached)
                    1)  Add Column called R&S 
                          This is abbreviation for Run and ShIp 
                          When Run and Ship field is checked under ITEMS tab this will have X under Column
                    2) Add Column called MI
                         This is abbreviations for Managed Inventory.
                          When Manage Inventory field is checked under ITEMS tab this will have X under Column
O-U-1-   12051305 E Add *Wildcard*  Search on Prep Code and Description
                    See attached.
                    Click O-U-1
                    Click MISC tab.
                    Press F1 on Charge Code.
                    This shows all the prep codes listed under E-B-8
                    
                    Add *wildcard* searches on the Prep code and Description 
O-U-1-   12061207 E N-K OESETXFER  Create Transfer Order for Component for Assembled  Sets
                    Logical Value = NO will not create Transfer Order.
                    Logical Value = YES will prompt to create Transfer Order for Component of Set.
                    After Order is created for an Assembled Set, Program will Promt to 
                    Create Transfer Order for Components of Set ?   NO will Cancel,  
                    YES will Create new Order.  (Set Order will have DB Field to House Transfer Order#)
                    New Order will be for Customer Type = X  Which will default to Order Type T
                    All FG items will have Release creates with Release Type = T for Transfer.
                    PROMT for SHIPTO Code from Customer X which will be the Contract Packaging Co.
                    All Component for Assembled Sets will be added to new Order.
                    The quantity of each Component will be the SET Order Qty x Components Quantity per Set
                    
                    For Example, ASI Order 205612 for 10,000 Miller Lite Sets MILLER LITE will create 
                    another Order identical to ASI Order  205613 as follows::
                    10,000 RSC item MIller Lite S01
                    50,000 Width Partitions Item MIller Lite S02
                    30,000 Length Partitions Item MIller Lite S03
                    When Creating the Releases for Components, the system will prompt for SHIPTO Location.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 209

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    This will be a Contract Packaging Vendors defined under Customer X as a Shipto.
                    Hughes will create a separate Warehouse for Each Contact Packaging Vendor.
                    
                    This new logic will allow Hughes to Ship the Components to a Contract Packaging Vendor to Assembl
                    ed all the component manufactured by Hughes.
O-U-1-   12070902 E Release Folder - ADD JOB (Move task 02170608 to V10)
                    BJ - Please see solution.
                    Button does not work.  Move and Compile for V10.
                    See Order 201592 for 10x10x10 for estimate 6635.
                    Highlight release with status of S and click ADD JOB.
                    This should create a job but does nothing.
                    
                    Original Task Notes
                    When an order is created as a blanket order for 100,000 with releases scheduled over the next yea
                    r, the order will not have an estimate or job created.  
                    Southpak will create new jobs as each release date approaches.   On the release screen, add new b
                    utton called ADD JOB will create a job with the release line highlighted. Only releases with stat
                    us of "L"ate, "S"cheduled, "A"ctual, "B"ackordered or "I"nvoiceable will create Jobs.   The ESTIM
                    ATE number on the finished goods file will be used to the create the job, however the job quantit
                    y will transfer from the release quantity.   Purchase Orders for material will be generated as no
                    rmal via the N-K-1 OEAUTOPO.
                    
                    The ADD JOB button will not be in focus for items on the order that have a job. 
                     Likewise completed releases will not create jobs.  
O-U-1-   12070905 E Add Freight payment method to release screen on order
                    Freight payment method modifiable by release.  See attached fields
                    1. Add new database fields on the release folder called Freight Pay and FOB (Origin or Dest).
                    2. User may change this field to "P"repaid, "C"ollect, "B"ill or "T"hird Party.
                    3. The Release Post OT4 logic must be modified to transfer the new database field if changed.
                         a. Only if this field is defined will this transfer from the Release folder to BOL.
                         b. If this new field is blank, the Freight Payment will continue to transfer from the VIEW F
                    older.
                    4. The system will transfer the freight payment code from the first item on the bill of lading.
                         Please note, there is only 1 freight payment per bill of lading.
                         However, there may be many line items on an order or a bill of lading.
                         Therefore, multiple items exist may have different freight payment status.
                         When a release is created with multiple items from 1 or more orders and multiple 
                         freight payment codes exist on the release folders, 
                         For example, bill of lading is created with 2 orders and 3 line items.
                         Order 100 has item 6x6x6 and the release paymen is BILL 
                        And order number 100 has item 7x7x7 with a release payment is PREPAID.
                        And order number 200 has item 8x8x8 and release payment is COLLECT.
                      . System will prompt,  Transfer Freight Payment Code as ?????????.  
                        Default to 1st but user can change.
                    4. Bill of Lading Post will update the Freight Payment Status of each Posted Release. 
                    5\ Please note,  When changing BOL Number for multiple BOL's This will combine BOLs into 1      B
                    OL.  Release should not combine unlike Freight Terms
                        Must be same shipto, customer and freight terms
                         Prompt is Freight Terms are not the same.
                    8. The freight Payment defined on the Bill of Lading will transfer to the Invoice.
                    
                    *** Changes to Inquiries and Forms are not included in this quote.
O-U-1-   12160906 E N-K XMLOrders   New Program to Send XML file via FTP
                    New Parameter N-K-1 XMLOrders  Character Value = Premier for Premier XML File
                    Different Customers may want different layouts. 
                    Logical Value = Yes will invoke this logic to send XML File to specific customers set to EDI? 
                    View Control Character Value will Store the DISK Drive Location to Store the File.
                    
                    The VIEW FORMS Character Value = PREMIER which will store the File Layout and FTP Login and passw
                    ord for specific customers by Customer Code.
                    If View Form Customer is Blank, the  Character Value Layout will be for all customers.
                    If View Form Customer is Valid Customer, then Character Value will house format for that specific
                     customer.   O-U-1 Release Creation will automatically export order information to xml and auto s
                    end using an FTP client and have the choice to just save the xml file.  
                    Different Character Values will Define Different Layouts.
                    
                    1.  CS agent enters order as normal.
                    2.  Released order will export via xml to FTP or local destination.
                    3.  Fields to be exported to xml are 
                         Order#, Customer Name, Customer#, Due Date, FG Item#, Cust. Part#, Cust. PO#, Ordered      Q
                    ty, Actual Rel. Quantity.
                    4.  If the release is deleted and re-released the process should repeat. (Scroll down for more)
                    
                    (Output to File should be similar logic to ECodes program Act Rel.rThe xml could look something l
                    ike this.  
                    Raw data(string format) is fine no formatting is necessary.  
                    
                    <"xml version="1.0"">
                    <order>
                    <ordernum>228043</ordernum>
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 210

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    <custname>GROT</custname>
                    <duedate>12/30/2009</duedate>
                    <fgitem>GROT35838</fgitem>
                    <custpart>51-3001-67</custpart>
                    <custpo>531875</custpo>
                    <orderqty>20</orderqty>
                    <relqty>20</relqty>
                    </order>
                    
                    ESP - Look at po\ftppo.p for FTP.
O-U-1-0  03181009 E New Case Label Creation Menu (login as asi to load new menu at accord
                    Change the Following Lables on the Sharp Shooter Software.
                    See Attached for New Label Names
                    1) Remove the button SCAN Case Label.
                    2) Change Labels per Attached.  
                    
                    AH - 03/25/10 - as per Joe 
                    Do Not Delete this Button  (tem #1)
                    Remove this from my task
O-U-1-0  04021301 E Case Label Screen - Disable certain screen parameters based on program
                    Need the ability to control access to the HighLighted section in the attached image based on user
                     ID.  User IDs who should see this section will be shown in a new program master entry - CaseLabe
                    lOpt (subject to change when built)
                    User names that you want to have access to the disabled section should be listed in each of the a
                    ction fields.  If usernames are not listed, they see the disabled section on OU10.  
                    
                    Make the locked out fields visible, just not activated for changes.
                    These fields should continue to automatically update given choices in the enabled entry fields (L
                    abel Matrix file specifically).  
                    
                    Also, Parameters are saved based on user ID.  
                    User must run program with parameters desired prior to setting security.
                    We will need to make sure that the last time we run the case label program for a user prior to us
                     deactivating them, we have the values of the grayed out fields set appropriately.  
                    
                    program master entry:  OECsLbOp
O-U-1-0  07311406 E Case Label text to downlowd Form# and Blank#
                    The text file to download Form# and Blank#.
                    When creating the case labels via O-U-10.
                    If a Job# exists, find the Form# and Blank# from the Estimate defined on the Job File.
                    Download this to the caselabel.txt  file.
O-U-1-0  08271303 E Case Label Screen - Disable certain screen parameters based on program
                    NOTE:  This is a revision to the original 04021301 task that was completed and invoiced (7396).  
                    The only difference is that only the fields shown in the attached file 
                    (OU10Security-New.png) 
                    should be disabled.
                    Completion of this $0 mod will satisfy requirements of 04021301.
                    
                    Original Mod:
                    Need the ability to control access to the HighLighted section in the attached image based on user
                     ID.  User IDs who should see this section will be shown in a new program master entry - 
                    OECsLbOp
                    User names that you want to have access to the disabled section should be listed in each of the a
                    ction fields.  If usernames are not listed, they see the disabled section on OU10.  
                    
                    Make the locked out fields visible, just not activated for changes.
                    These fields should continue to automatically update given choices in the enabled entry fields  
                    
                    Also, Parameters are saved based on user ID.  
                    User must run program with parameters desired prior to setting security.
                    You will need to make sure that the last time we run the case label program for a user prior to u
                    s deactivating them, we have the values of the grayed out fields set appropriately.  
                    
O-U-1-1  01231302 E N-K JOBCARDF = Indiana-XL
                    Changes to JOBCARDF = INDIANA-XL 
                    1) "Sheeter" sheet changes (check off "Print Sheeter Card")
                    - Change label "THE CUTOFF IS:" to "MEASURED CUTOFF IS:"
                    - Change label "SCRAP START WEIGHT" to "RAW START SHEETS:"
                    - Change label "SCRAP FINISH WEIGHT" to "JOB OK BY:"
                    -  Calculate RAW START SHEETs (cell K28) as Total Sheets to Cut/.99
                    2) "Gluer" sheet changes (check off "Print Gluer Card"):
                     - Add "Job OK By: _______" to the right of the Pallet Count field
                    
                    Changes to OU-11  SCHDCARD = INDIANA
                    1) Edit Board Mills Job/Form (ASI Screen) - Add toggle box "Poly?"
                    2) Print Poly? Yes/No on the sheeter card
                    3) Add Die: and Bin: information to Die Cutter card.
                    4) Add Corrugated Case: with case name to Gluer card.  Note:  add to all gluer cards as there may
                     be more than one.
                    5) At the bottom of the job card - Make column slightly wider or font smaller to display 3 digit 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 211

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    bin number
                    
                    Note: See attachment file for sample. Customer has indicated columns and rows for placement.  
O-U-1-1  01311404 E N-K JOBCARDF = Indiana-XL - Add Barcode
                    Changes to JOBCARDF = INDIANA-XL 
                    This is an Excel Form.
                    Each Page is Programmed separately for each Department.
                    
                    Print  128A barcode containing the FG Item# and Job#  on each Page.
                    
                    Note:  Quote assumes that a 3rd party software package (BarCodeWiz) is puchased by Indiana separa
                    tely.  Also assumes that no special processing must be done for the bar coded information to be r
                    ead by Vorne.
                    Quote includes template edits and new code (if necessary).
O-U-2-   12121301 E Update Output Destination to Match other Reports with Excel
                    See Attached.   Improve Output Destination to match other reports.
                    See O-R-1 as and example.
                    
                    1)  Add Output to Email, Fax and Port.
                    2)  Add Output to Excel.
                         The Order Total Field will print on each Line with the Details as new Columns to the Right.
                         So totals and item/misc will print as follows:
                         Order#, Est#, Job#, Date,  Bill To#,  Cust Name, Sold  To#,  Order Total,  Item/Misc Chg ,  
                              Description, UOM,  Qty,   Price,  Ext Price.
                    
                    For your Information
                    Currently when printing to Screen, the Item Fields that print Under the Totals are: 
                    Item,   Description,  UOM,  Quantity,  Price,    Ext. Price
                    and 
                    Currenlty, when printing to Screen the Misc Fields that Print Under the Totals are.
                    Miscellaneous Charge, Description , Price
                    
                    Replace this print logic when OUTPUT to EXEL as Follows: 
                    The new combined exxcel Columns will be
                    Item/Misc Chg ,  Description, UOM,  Qty,   Price,  Ext Price.
O-U-3-   11021204 E OU3 - Move existing funciton to a utililty and replace with Customer F
                    Make sure the program that is currently launched through OU3 is available as a utility in Util/Ut
                    ils.r 
                    Replace the OU3 menu item with a link to the "Customers" program. (same program as O-F-1
                    and  A-F-1)
O-U-4-   01031411 E N-K ACKHEAD = Carded   (FOB)
                    FOB on the Acknowledgement to pull for the O-U-1 View Order Screen.
                    Currently this is pulling from teh A-F-1 customer file.
                    
                    The FOB Freight Method can be changed on each order.
                    Therefore, this should pull from the Order.
O-U-4-   01161323 E N-K ACKHEAD = Soule
                    See Attachment
                    
                    1.  Move the box in the top right up more.
                    2.  Add the Ship To Contact and Phone number on one line under the Ship To Name and above the Shi
                    p To Address.
                    3.  Add the second address line to both the Bill To and Ship To addresses.
O-U-4-   01171302 E N-K Ackhead =  3CPack (copy Frankstn)
                    New N-K ACKHEAD Char Val = 3CPack (Copy Frankstn)
                    
                    1. Replace Frankston logo with 3C Logo (to be supplied).
                    2. Change PO# column header to PO#/Lot#
                    3. On the line below the PO# print the Release Lot #.  This should be the first Release for that 
                    item on the order that does not have a Customer Lot # that is "TAILGATE".
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-U-4-   02281204 E N-K ACKHEAD = Soule  (Copy Unipak)   ($75 per Hour)
                    Attached the order acknowledgment form (Unipak) . 
                    Here are the changes we would like made:
                    
                    1)  Place Soule Packaing Logo in place of Unipak Logo.
                    
                    2)  *Remove the square box on the right side that is highlighted. 
                             
                    3)  * Add the following notes above the "Comments" area:
                          A 10% underrun or overrun will constitute fulfillment of order.  
                         If any items are returned, a 15% restocking fee will be charged on all non custom orders.
                    
                    
                    Please note.
                    Shipto Address logic already exists when clicking the toggle box.
                    Do not add the SHIP TO at the top of the form.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 212

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
O-U-4-   03021204 E N-K ACKHEAD = Soule   ($75 per Hour)
                    1) Change heading "Ready Date" to "Ship Date".
                    2) Add "Line Item" column to print to the left of the current "Part#/PO#/Spec" column.
                    3A) Add new Toggle Box  on Acknowedgment Print Selection Screen.  "Print Components" 
                               Both O-U-4 and O-U-1 Icon to Print Acknowledgment
                                               (See Attached Toggle Box under O-S-3 for N-K-1 BolFmt = Xprint)
                                               (See Attached when printing bill of lading form Order 204076)
                              Add same toggle box to O-U-4 print  acknowdgement.
                              When N-K-1 BolFmt = Xprint is the only time the Toggle Box can be Checked.
                              Likewise, new Toggle box will be grayed out for all other forms.
                              Toggle box can be updated when N-K-1 Ackhead = Soule.
                              When Checked the components will print under the Finished Good Item Column.
                    3B)  Under the Column Heading "Desc/Style/Colors/Board" and Toggle box is Checked
                             Add a Heading         "Kit Includes:" then skip a line.
                             Print Components under each this Heading.
                    
                    
                    Do not Make the Following Changes noted on the Attachment.
                    1) Add PO# to print in a box below the "Status" and "Date and Time" boxes (see attachment).
                    3) Remove PO# from the column "Part#/PO#/Spec".
                    Do not Make the Following Changes noted on the Attachment.
O-U-4-   03031408 E N-K AckHead = Oracle (Print PO# for Misc Items)
                    See Attachment
                    Add the PO# from the Misc Folder to the Misc Items.
O-U-4-   03051312 E N-K ACKHEAD = Hughes (Copy Xprint)
                    Copy Xprint and rename it Hughes.
                    Also, add Hughes logo to it.
                    See Attached for logo.
O-U-4-   03151201 E N-K ACKHEAD = PremierX
                    Old Form, the PO # from the Order Header prints at the top of the form.  
                    Do not change this.  
                    Add a Toggle Box to Print Selection Screen.
                    Print Line Item PO#?  .  
                    If option is checked, the Item PO#(s) should print below the Customer P/N(s) - see attachment.
O-U-4-   03191301 E N-K ACKHEAD = ACPI
                    Order acknowledgement form currently prints the contact name shown in A-F-1 customer in the top r
                    ight corner of the form.
                    
                    Change Form to Print the Contact from the Order Entry View Tab.
O-U-4-   03251402 E N-K ACKHEAD  Integer Value =1 Prompt to send an acknowledgement?
                    N-K-1 AckHead
                    Integer Value = 1  will prompt to Print Acknowledgment.
                    Hot Keys O-U-1, RELEASE TAB, after clicking the release button, 
                    Program will check NK1 AckHead Integer Value 
                    If 0, continue with normal logic.
                    If 1 then 
                    Prompt the Following Popup Message
                    "Would you like to send an acknowledgement?  Yes or No.  
                    
                    If you click YES
                    then the Print Order Acknowledgements screen would pop up that displays when clicking the Print A
                    cknowledgment Icon.  
                    
                    This will work on both the ITEMS tab and the RELEASE TAB.
O-U-4-   03291204 E N-K ACKHEAD = Soule
                    1)  Remove FG Item, Cad# and DIe# from 2nd Column
                    2)  Change 3rd Column Heading to Item Description
                          Under this column
                           M-F-1 Raw materials file 3 description lines.
                                Item Name
                                Item Description 
                               Estimate Description.
                    When printing order Acknowledgement, the board material this is printing the Item Name.
                    For material type B, replace the item name description with the Estimate Description.
                    For FG Set Items, no board material will print.
                    This is when printing a Finished Goods item that is a Set Header
                    see attached ASI Order 204237.
                    When customer checked the toggle box "Print Components.
                    Print the Estimate Board Descripiton under the Component.
                    
                    3)  On the signature line.
                    Leave the Line.
                    Remove the words  (Please sign and fax back)
                    
O-U-4-   04021401 E N-K ACKHEAD = BADGER (Copy Xprint)
                    New PO Print Form.
                    Copy Xprint Form.
                    Change Soldto to SHIP TO
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 213

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    This will print the first shipto from the Release Tab.
                    
                    
                    Please note, ASI allows multiple ship to locations per item per order.
                    Therefore, this change will not accomodate all the ship to's.
                    The toggle box to print releases will continue to print all ship dates and shipto locations.
O-U-4-   04061011 E N-K ACKHEAD = Fibrex
                    Mods to Acknowledgement:
                    1) FG# to print under the Customer Part#
                    2) Lot# to print under the FG# (If no Lot#, leave blank).
                        This is the Customer Lot# on Release Folder so use the first Items Release Lot#.
                    3) Center and Capitalize all field titles.
O-U-4-   04081403 E N-K ACKHEAD = Badger (Make changes).
                    (See attached image).
                    1) Change text "Date Reg" to ShipDate"
                    2) Print Field Oe-Ord.Due-Code on Order Acknowldgment 
                         Due date codes are used to indicate delivery time frame. 
                         Press F1 for Valid codes
                         Change Spelling for NB4 to   Not Before
                         They will select OE for Or Earlier
                         This description will print on the Acknowledgment below the Date Req.  
                    
O-U-4-   04191109 E N-K ACKHEAD = PremierCX      (Copy PremierX)
                    Create new N-K-1 AckHead character value PremierCX.  
                    Copy PremierX Change Fax to:  (630) 694-3869
                    
                    
O-U-4-   04301208 E N-K ACKHEAD = ACPI  (Copy PremierX and rename ACPI)
                    1) Copy the PremierX acknowledgment.
                    2) Use the ACPI logo in place of Premier's.
                    3) Add the 3rd line of description to print below the 2nd line of description.  
                        The Name and all 3 description pull from the order.  
                    
                    3rd Description Line will be aded via task 04301209.
                    Field is already in database,  task 043001209 willjust add this to the order.
O-U-4-   05071401 E N-K ACKHEAD  Integer Value = 1
                    N-K-1 AckHead
                    Integer Value = 1 
                    
                    Change Ship via to pull from the 1st Release for the 1st Item on the order.
                    Currently this pulls from the Order Header per attached.
                    
                    The RELEASE Tab shows a Ship Via.
                    The Ship Via is a Carrier defined in the Common Carrier/Truck File under A-F.
                    Print the Descripition Field.
O-U-4-   05091402 E N-K ACKHEAD = Soule
                    N-K-1 AckHead = Soule
                    See Attached.   Print Order 207599 
                    
                    1) Click toggle box to print Scheduled and Actual Release and Shipto Address.
                        The address is not printing.  
                        Shipto Should Print under Each Release similar N-K-1 AckHead = Xprint
                    KEEP the Soule Format that prints quantity under the Quantity Column.
                    
                    2)  The MISC tab may have a unique PO#.
                          Order 207599 has a PO# unique to the Plate Charge.
                          If this is entered then this should print under the Column labed PO#.
O-U-4-   05121402 E N-K ACKHEAD  Integer Value =1 & 0  New Toggle Box to Remove Print Prvi
                    N-K-1 AckHead = Badger
                    When Emailing
                    New Toggle Box called ____  Show Print Preview?
                    Unchecked will bypass the print preview and immediately create the Email with Attachment.
                    Checked will NOT bypass the print preview screen prior to creating the Email with Attachment.
                    
                    Please Note
                    Logic will work when  printing acknowlegment via Icon, O-U-4 or when Integer Value =1.
                    This prompts to print acknowedgment when releasing orders.
                    
                    Older Tasks Notes Follow:
                    Integer Value = 1  will prompt to Print Acknowledgment.
                    Hot Keys O-U-1, RELEASE TAB, after clicking the release button, 
                    Program will check NK1 AckHead Integer Value 
                    If 0, continue with normal logic.
                    If 1 then 
                    Prompt the Following Popup Message
                    "Would you like to send an acknowledgement?  Yes or No.  
                    
                    If you click YES
                    then the Print Order Acknowledgements screen would pop up that displays when clicking the Print A
                    cknowledgment Icon.  
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 214

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
O-U-4-   05231402 E N-K ACKHEAD = BADGER
                    On the bottom of the Ack. it says   ?__________please sign and fax back.
                    
                    
                    Remove this line from their acknowledgement form.
O-U-4-   05311304 E N-K ACKHEAD = ContSvc
                    Print Acknowedgment for any Order.
                    The Shipto at Top right should print the 1st Shipto for the 1st Item.
                    Currently this will only print if checking the following toggle boxes.
                    Print Schedule Release
                    Print Actual Release    
                    and 
                    Print Shipto Address.
                    
O-U-4-   07151008 E N-K ACKHEAD = HOPX (Copy Pacific)
                    Remove 2nd line under Comments
                    "If any products are returned a 20% Re-Stocking fee will be charged on all non custom orders"   (
                    see attached).
                    
                    Response: Comments should say the following:
                    
                    Your Order is being Manufactured as described herein.  Any changes in this sale will not be valid
                     unless House of Packaging, Inc. confirm them in writing.  All item quantities are subject to an 
                    over/under charge of 10%.)
O-U-4-   07221102 E N-K ACKHEAD = Accord  (Copy Xprint and re-name Accord)
                    - see attachment.     
                    1)  Add new Box under PO# field for Reprinting a PO.  This will the word reviewed.
                         Copy this box from N-K-1 Century with the word Revised and Date and Time in Red 
                         Currently the word "Revised" prints in the PO# Field.  
                         Remove that logic and always Print  PO# and then under the PO#
                    2)  Add option on selection parameter to choose which spec note (From Book Icon) to print.
                         (similar to the selection box on the print parameters for a a factory ticket)
                    3)  Also add option to print department  notes (From Fountain Pen Icon) , and choose which
                          note to print.  The spec notes should always print first, and then the dep notes.
                    4)  Change heading for ordered to show "Ordered/PO"  
                         The line item PO# should print under the ordered field.  
                         This PO should print from the O-U-1 ITEM folder.  
                         The PO# at the top of the screen prints from the header page of the order.
                    5)  CS notes are automatically printing on the Acknowledgement, 
                          N-K-1 Notes logical Value = Yes automatically creates notes for Spec Code CS.
                          Changes are created with the WORK Change:  starting on the note.
                          See ASI Order 203443 
                         Heading starting with CHANGE:  will print the Notes in RED Type
                    6)  Print Time date, and user id above the note for all notes.
O-U-4-   08041403 E N-K ACKHEAD = PremierCX, PremierX  - Print Unit Count toggle
                    For N-K ACKHEAD = PremierX or PremierCX
                    Add a new toggle option "Print Unit Count?" to the Order Acknowledgement parameter screen.
                    Add this to the "Print Options" section and only display for the Premier Ackhead formats.
                    
                    When toggle box is checked, add an additional line under Description Column after the last Descri
                    ption line in the location shown in the attached.  The line should be in black font, matching and
                     aligning with the other descriptions.
                    The line shoudl read "Unit Count: " with the value of the "Count" field from the FG Item File (it
                    emfg.case-count).
                    
                    When not checked, print the existing description lines (no change).
O-U-4-   08131411 E N-K AckMaster - Char Value = 3CPack
                    N-K-1 AckMaster.  
                    Logical Value = Yes will enable a radio button choice 
                    A) Top of the OU4 Order Ackknowledgement Print Parameter Screen 
                    B)  OU1 "Acknowlkedgement" button at the top).  
                    
                    The choice will be "Acknowledgement" or "Order Master".
                    When Acknowledgement is selected -> N-K-1 AckHead will Print.
                    When Order Master is selected, the Range parameters will still be active.
                    The Print options will be disabled since they don't apply.  
                    When Printing, the attached Order Master page will need to be printed for each item for the order
                    s that pass the selection criteria.
                    
                    N-K AckMaster  Character Value  = 3CPack".
                    The format of this Order Master will be defined by the 
                    The 3CPack format is attached.
                    The color coding in the attached is for information purposes only. 
                    Output should be all black & white.  Do not print the color coding key at the bottom.
                    Although only 4 slots are shown, the report  needs to print all misc charge and all releases for 
                    an order item.  The report can go on to a second page if necessary.
                    
                    
O-U-4-   08181101 E N-K ACKHEAD = HOPX
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 215

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Make the following modifications to the HOPX form (SEE ATTACHMENTS):
                    1) Replace "Terms" with "Over/Under %s" - Below, print the Over/Under %s in View Order.
                    2) In the "Sales Person" field, print the Sales Rep's Name instead of their #.
                    3) In the "Description" field, also print "Carton Size:" and the size (from Est Specs folder).
                    4) Below the Carton Size, print "PO#:" with the PO# (from the release folder).
                    5) Below the PO#, print  "Colors:" with the colors (from the Est Inks/Pack folder).
                    6) Below "Colors:", print "Material Spec:" with the board (from the Est Specs folder).
                    7) Below "Material Spec:", print "Style:" with the Style (from the Est Specs folder).
O-U-4-   08211415 E N-K Ackhead = PremierX  Toggle Box to Print Ship Notes per Release
                    N-K AckHead = PremierX
                    
                    Add Toggle Box   =  Print Ship Notes per Release
                    
                    Existing Toggle box to Print Shiptos for each delivery must be checked.
                    Then the Shipto Notes will print under each release.
                    
O-U-4-   08251009 E N-K ACKHEAD=HOPX change logo
O-U-4-   09051413 E N-K ACKHEAD = Axis (Copy Unipak)
                    Create new Order Acknowledgmen = Axis.
                    
                    1)  Copy N-K-1 AckHead =  Unipak
                    
                    2)  Place Axis Logo in the Top Left.
                    
                    3)  Bottom of Form to Read as follows:
                    
                    This is not an invoice. This is a confirmation of your order.                 
                    Please Note: All orders are subject to a standard 10% overrun or underrun unless we confirm diffe
                    rently herein.  Final invoice will reflect the actual quantity shipped.  If you specify "No overr
                    un," your order may run short by more than 10%. If you specify "No underrun," your order may run 
                    over by more than 10% and you will be billed the actual quantity. 
                                             
                    
                    
                    
                     
                    
O-U-4-   09121409 E N-K Ackhead = PremierX  Toggle Box
                    N-K AckHead = PremierX
                    Toggle Box   =  Print Ship Notes per Release
                    
                    If I check the 
                    Schedule Release Button  and Actual Release button.
                    Then Check the Print Ship Note.
                    
                    Next, Uncheck the Actual Release button.
                    This Unchecks 
                    Print Ship notes.
                    
                    
                    Please note,
                    Only if Both Scheduled and Actual toggle Boxes are unchecked.
                    Would the Ship Notes be Unchecked.
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-U-4-   09181303 E N-K ACKHEAD = Carded   (Copy HOPX )
                    1) Copy HOPX and create new Form called Carded
                    2) Replace Logo with Carded Graphics Logo.
                    3.) below Customer Part # list the FG item # 
                    4.) remove the word CARTON under the description in CARTON SIZE
                    5.) for STYLE - pull the STYLE DESCRIPTION (ie - Sleeve Unglued instead of SUG)
                    6.) space between multiple items                                 
                    7) Text at bottom of the form - Change House of Packaging to Carded Graphics, LLC
                        Text at bottom of the form - change to read as follows, 
                    Your order is being manufactured as described herein.  Any changes in this sale 
                    will not be valid unless Carded Graphics, LLC confirms them in writing.  
                    A 10% underrun or overrun will constitute fulfillment of this order.
                    
                    I acknowledge the above quantity, pricing and product specs are correct
O-U-4-   09231403 E N-K AckMaster - Char Value = 3CPack - Additional Fields
                    N-K-1 AckMaster.  = 3CPack
                    Additions:
                    1) Add Field itemfg.upc-no and Label the field Pharmacode:  Place under the New/Repeat field
                    2) Add Field OE-ORDL.PART-DSCR1 and Label the field Description:  Place under the Description fie
                    ld (Name)
                    3) Add Field OE-ORDL.PART-DSCR2 and Label the field Description:  Place under the Description fie
                    ld
                    4) Add Field OE-ORDL.PART-DSCR3 and Label the field Description:  Place under the Description fie
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 216

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    ld
                    Cosmetic Changes
                    1) Bold to the value of OE-ORD.PO-NO
                    2) Bold to the value of OE-ORD.DUE-DATE
                    3) Bold to the value of FG ITEM #
                    4) Bold to the value of OE-ORDL.I-NAME
                    5)  Bold to the value of OE.D-OEITEM
                    6) Bold to the value of Quantity
                    7) Bold to the value of OE-ORDL.PRICE
                    8) Add a Vertical Line between the description and new/repeat areas
                    9)Add spacing as depicted in attached
                    10) In the release list, Print the releass in order of release date, earliest first.
                    Fix: 1)  New/Repeat should support "New" as an option.
O-U-4-   09251401 E N-K AckHead = Carded
                    1)  Called the Heading Sold To             to      Sold To.
                          Same Fonts that currently print.
                    
                    2)  Expand Release Quantity to 9,999,999   No Decimals.
                    
                    3) add an 's' after the word confirm in the comments section at the bottom   
                    
                    To Test.
                    Print ASI Order 207947 which is for 2,000,000.
                    Check the Toggle Boxes to Print Scheduled and Actual Releases. 
O-U-4-   10081211 E N-K ACKHEAD = PremierX  Toggle Box to Not Print Sales Price ($20,000 C
                    NK1 AckHead = PremierX - $200
                    New Toggle Box   "Print Sales Price"?.  
                    When Checked, this will print the sales price.
                    When unchecked, this will not print the sales price.
                    
                    This will hide the selling price of boxes when shipping to an outside vendor or outside warehouse
                    .
O-U-4-   10131402 E N-K ACKHEAD = Axis
                    See Attached.
                    Order Acknowledgment to Print Ship To accross from Bill To.
                    N-K-1 AckHead  = Axis.
                    
                    The Shipto will print the same Fonts as the Bill to.
                    The Shipto will print the 1st Shipto from the 1st Items Release Tab.
                    
                    
                    PLEASE NOTE
                    The Advantzware software allows for unlimited items.
                    Each item can have unlimited release dates and shipto locations.
                    The toggle boxes to print release and shiptos allow for this capability.
                    The above modification will only print 1 shipto in the TOP HEADING section.
                    That will be the 1st items, 1st shipto.
                    
                    
                    
                                             
                    
                    
                    
                     
                    
O-U-4-   11031407 E N-K ACKHEAD = PremierCX, PremierX  - Print Item Totals Toggle
                    For N-K ACKHEAD = PremierX or PremierCX
                    Add a new toggle option "Print Item Totals?"
                     to the Order Acknowledgement parameter screen.
                    Add this to the "Print Options" section and only display 
                    N-K-1 Ackhead = Premier formats.
                    
                    When toggle box is checked, the total item price amount (qty x price) should be shown immediately
                     below the unit Price, in the Price column.  Additionally, the word "Total" should print to the r
                    ight of the line total under the UOM column.
                    
                    The information should be in a matching font and aligning with the Price and UOM information abov
                    e it.  The Price column should be right-aligned and the word "Total" should be centered under the
                     UOM.
                    
                    See attaached for Sample
O-U-4-   11211407 E N-K ACKHEAD = PremierCX and PremierX
                    See Attached.
                    Add Misc PO# to right of the Misc / Plate charges.
                    Find any Order under O-U-1.  ASI Order 208116
                    Click the MISC tab.
                    Each Misc Charge can have a unique PO#.
                    This PO# will print to the right of the description field.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 217

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Print PO# ______________  then the PO#.
O-U-4-   12031306 E N-K AckHead = SouleUOM   (Copy Soule and Make Changes)
                    See Attachment
                    Create new N-K-1 AckHead  = SouleUOM.   Copy Soule to make this new form.
                    See the Attached Order Entry Fields.
                    New UOM field will be added to line 1.
                    
                    1) They need the Order Qty and UOM on 1st Line
                    2) Move Sell Price and Sell UOM and Total Sell Price to the 2nd Line
                    
                    Joes Test 12/04/2013
                    See Order 207127.
                    The Items show an item name and a description1.
O-U-5-   01081414 E N-K JOBCARDC = Vineland   (Copy XPRINT)
                    Copy XPrint format and create Jobcardc = VINELAND
                    
                    Enable the Print FG Item Image functionality for the new VINELAND format.
                    This will print the image file from the FG Item, Image Tab as a separate page on the job card.  N
                    ote: This does not print attachments.
                    
                    See Jobcardc = Protagon format demo of how this works.
O-U-5-   01111302 E N-K JOBCARDC = Protagon
                    See Attachment
                    
                    1.  Remove Shipping Info, Packing Info and divider line indicated on Original Job Ticket.  
                         Print Spec notes in empty area created by removing shipping and packing info
                    
                    2.  Under Department Notes, the Bill of Materials BOM Department Notes.
                         Remove all BOM notes by Form.
                         Move this to Print on the Bill of Material Notes on the (Set Unitization Page)
                    
                    3.  Removal of Bill of Material notes per Form.
                         This will l allow more space for other Department notes.
                         Under the Department Notes Section.   
                         Expand the number of lines for other department notes per form.
                    
                    4.)  The BOM (set unitization page) 
                           Move the Cad# and Style columns to the left to create 6 spaces for Machine Code
                           A)  Print machine code for department DC is defined for this Form.
                           B)  Print 1st Machine of Routing if Department DC is not on Routing of Form.
O-U-5-   01121005 E N-K JobCardC = LoyLang   MSF to Print Net Sheet and Net Sheets Requir
                    Job Ticket to print Net Sheet W and L and Sheets Required equal to Net Sheets Required.
                    See attachments.
                    
                    Sheets required should be like Delta's job ticket.  
                    Example on our system job/order 201729.
                    Required sheets should be 5500 (2750 x 2) (# sheets x gross # out).
                    
                    Corrugators estimate with maximum out for lowest cost for corrugator run speeds.
                    However, the corrugator scheduling software may change this number out.
                    Therefore, the job ticket must show the number of sheets after the corrugator and net sheet size.
O-U-5-   01171107 E N-K JOBCARDC = MWFIBRE
                    COPY MIdwest Job Card and make changes to Job Card (see attached):
                    
                    1) Print Blue Ridge Pkg instead of MIDWEST FIBRE PRODUCTS, INC.
                    2) In Part No. Box, print the info from "Desc 2" in FG file as the last line
                               (currently, the 2 lines that print are the "Item name" and "Desc 1").
                    3) Shorten the shipment area
                    4) ID:  should print Customer Part#
                    5) Print the scoring.
                    6) Eliminate the following: Weight, Bundle, Item Weight, and Unit
                    7) Make the Special Instructions section (below pallet and forklift) bigger.
                    8)  Ship date should print the release date from the release screen.  If multiple releases print 
                    the first release date.
O-U-5-   01221411 E N-K JOBCARDC = AllWest    Change SHIPTO Logic
                    New JobCardC= AllWest.
                    
                    Shipto Currently Pulls from the Estimate.
                    Change Logic to Pull the Ship To from the Release Tab.
                    I believe N-K-1 JobCardC = Xprint has this logic.
                    
                    Since an Order may have many releases per Item.
                    The status must be S, L or I.
                    Pick the most recent Date.
                    
                    Test with Order 207004
                    Estimate is for IBM1000.  This is in Rochester, NY.
                    Release is for IBMELK     This is in Elk Village, IL.
                    
                    Wrong Address is Printing.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 218

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
O-U-5-   01271201 E N-K JOBCARDC - Protagon
                    The box design page is printing the Project# from the Bill of Materials Page in the Customer Part
                     # field.  Instead, print the FG# and Description for each item in the Customer Part # field on t
                    he box design pages - see attachment.  Also change field name from "Cust Part #" to "FG#" to prin
                    t above the FG#) and "Description" (to print above description).
O-U-5-   01311302 E N-K JOBCARDC = RFC2
                    See Attachment(shows the pounds all over the place)
                    
                    Move the ink pounds to the right of the Inks Block so that they are right underneath one another.
                    
                    Or better words make the Ink Pounds a column and put it to the right of the Inks Block
                    
                    07/29/13 MJH
                    Working fine.
O-U-5-   02041404 E N-K JOBCARDF = Colonial - (Modification to the factory ticket print me
                    JOBCARDC = COLONIALPL
                    JOBCARDF = COLONIAL
                    
                    Add a check box option to allow the word "DRAFT" to print across the center of the factory ticket
                     diagonally as an option.
                    
                    The word DRAFT is an image that prints in Background so the data print over top of this image.  T
                    he Image must be downloaded to the customers server.
O-U-5-   02071302 E N-K JobCardF = Prystup   Toggle Box to Print Releases on Page 2
                    Prystup Job Ticket Sample is Attached.
                    Currently, the job ticket prints 1 line per finished goods item.
                    The yellow highlighted lines were manually copied for each release line.
                    Add New TOGGLE Box called:  Print by Release Lines  on Print Selection Screen.
                    When checked, this will print a line for each release for each finished goods item.
                    The Qty will print the Release Qty.
                    The PO# will be the Release PO#
                    The Lot# will print under the Control#.
                    The Control# field will be renamed to RFQ#.
                    
                    Currenlty, the Advantzware O-U-1 Items tab has an Item Name and 3 Description Fields.
                    Currently, Prystup enteres the RFQ# in the 2nd Description Field.
                    This RFQ# prints on the Prystup Job Ticket under the field called Control# on Page 2.
                    There are General Mills orders that require a separate RFQ# per delivery release.
                    The O-U-1 Release Tab Field called LOT# will be used to enter the RFQ Number.
                    Robin can enter the unique PO# and unique RFQ# in the Lot Field.
                    
                    Print Job for Estimate 9846 / Job 205240
                    
O-U-5-   02171102 E N-K JOBCARDC = PROTAGON  (copy HUGHES & rename to Protagon)
                    1) Search the J-U-1 Job file for the Material Folder for material type = B.  
                         (Hughes Ticket does this now )
                         Search all Purchase Orders for this material by job and form number.
                         Print the PO Number, PO Due Date and Vendor for all purchase order line items (P-U-1)       
                            matching the Job# and Form #.   This will print for each form (component) on the job tick
                    et           under the section called "More Dept Notes" .     Thus Remove the  BOARD PO in the Jo
                    b           Tickets "Board Section Block".    
                    2)  Add a new Toggle Box Box on the "Job Ticket's Print Selection Screen"  called 
                          Print Revision Number?   ________________     User can type Jobs Revision Numer.
                          This will print the word Revision then number typed at the top of each page/ form.  
                          This would prompt once per job, but print on all forms.  Print above job# if possible
                    3) Move Adders to Board Section Block  (Raw Material Type = A from Job File)
                    4) Enable print FG Image (same as N-K-1 JobCardC = Artios)
                    5) Print  Section:   Remove Ink Codes and Print Description
                         Print notes for PR department matching this Form #  form Fountain Pen Folder. 
                         First line should be from estimate Field  eb.i-coldscr
                    6)  Sheets Ordered - Due Date- Suppier Section Block:  
                         Change to one box with the heading Quality Control Approval
                         New Heading = OPERATOR                            ___________________
                                                         Quality-design approval      ___________________
                    7)  Set header page to Print Protagon Logo at the top left
                          Instead of saying set header, print BILL OF MATERIALS Centered
                    
                    
O-U-5-   02221201 E N-K JOBCARDC = SOULE   (Copy XPRINT & Hughes)
                    See attached Job Ticket Format  (XPrint), but make a few changes to it.
                    
                    1) * Where it says "Sheets Received" -  Add a "/ P.O. #" for the Board Material
                         This will reference the purchase order number from the vendor for board material.
                    
                    2)  Replace the box to the right reading "Partial", we want to use that as a "sign off box". 
                          We would like for it to read: "Operator/QA Initials"?, 
                           with the lines below it leaving space for initials and a date for both.
                    
                    3) Last Page = Set Utilization Page  (Copy Hughes Job Card Logic)
                           This prints a summary of all the parts when the toggle box = Set Unitization Page
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 219

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           This only prints when estimate type is a Corrugated Set.
                           I think this is estimate type = 6.   Confirm with BJ
                    
                    Test with ASI Order 204091 which is Set Estimate 9267
O-U-5-   03041307 E N-K JobCardC = CSC  Print Page Two Box Spec Image
                    NK1 JobCardC  = CSC   (Copy NK1 Adapt-A-Pak)
                    
                    This will print the CAD image from the Spec Tab as Page Two.
                    See attached .PDF file that will be converted into .JPG.
                    The entire page will print.
                    Therefore, they do not want the Page Two Headings and Score Allowances from Adapt-A-Pak
                    Job Ticket.
                    
                    
                    The NK1 CadFile parameter stores the Disk Drive Location of the CAD images.
O-U-5-   03051310 E N-K JobCardC = Adapt (copy CSC and Artios -2nd page)
                    Create new Jobcardc = Adapt
                    Copy CSC format but replace box design image with a separate second page.  Use box design from th
                    e Artios format for that second page.
O-U-5-   03061303 E N-K JobCardC = Adapt  - extend Instructions section and Printing line
                    Double the instructions section at the bottom and extend the "Printing:" line so that it shows al
                    l characters shown in the Inks/Pack tag of the estimate
O-U-5-   03071311 E N-K JobCardF = Prystup  Sheets Job / Form Popup
                    See Attached Popup.
                    Expand width of the Popup to support two new Columns.
                    Add 2 new Columns to each Window for each Form
                    Coulmns will be Customer Part# and FG Item Code
                    
                    Please note, there may be multiple Items per Form.
                    Print 1st Item next to Job# and each item under that item.
                    
                    Expand total Popup to Support up to 10 FG Item per Form.
O-U-5-   03081008 E N-K JobCardC = Hughes (Need change to Jobcard)
                    N-K JobCardC = HUGHES
                    1) Add an additional line below Order Qty: 
                    2) Add Column titled "Max Qty:"
                    3) Add Column titled " % overrun"
                         This value will be the Order Qty + the % overrun.
                          Value to be truncated to a whole number.
                    
                    I have included the two examples received from Margaret.
                    
                    
O-U-5-   03111301 E N-K JOBCARDC = Freedman  (Copy Prior Protagon Version B4 Task 01111302
                    N-K JOBCARDC = Freedman  
                    Freedman Packaging was using the Protagon Job Ticket.
                    They do not like the lastest changes requested by Protagon.
                    (Restore last version of Protagon Job Card Prior to the Changes made on Task 01111302 below  and 
                      Create New Job Card = Freedman)
                    
                    The following changes per Attachment will be removed for the new Freedman Job Card
                    1.  Restore the Shipping Info, Packing Info and divider line indicated on Original Job Ticket.  
                         Remove changes to Spec notes 
                    2.  Restore all BOM notes by Form.
                    3.  Restore Original Lines Under the Department Notes Section.   
                         Restore the number of lines for other department notes per form.
                    4  The BOM (set unitization page) 
                         Restore Cad# and Style columns 
                         Remove printing of the machines
                           A)  Remove Print machine code for department DC
                           B)  Remove Print 1st Machine of Routing if Department DC is not on Routing of Form.
O-U-5-   03191408 E N-K JOBCARDC = Protagon
                    See Attachment
                    Change Last Page Set Utilization Page to Print in Form# Sequence.
                    Currently, this is printing by FG Item Code Sequence.
O-U-5-   03231104 E N-K JOBCARDF = Dee
                    Modify their existing Job Card (see attachment):
                    1) Print Customer P/N instead of FG Item#.
                    2) Print "Desc 1" from the View Item Screen in IF1 instead of the Item Name.
                    3) Eliminate COLORS on far right and expand Description field so 30 characters can print.
                    4) Remove 'DIE SIZE".
                    5) Print Customer P/N instead of FG Item#.
                    6) List each color in the "COLOR DESCRIPTION" field.
                    Color Description" field prints from Estimates / INKS/PACK screen above the Inks..
                    7) Change 'VENDOR PART#" to "CASES REQUIRED".  
                    8) Add Misc Items
O-U-5-   03281301 E N-K JobcardF = Colonial & CCC - Add Barcode for job number
                    Add barcode to JobcardF formats: Colonial and CCC as shown in attached file.
                    Job number will include the 2 digit revision number and dash.  
                    For example, the Barcode will read C27197-00 when scanned.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 220

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
O-U-5-   03291002 E N-K JOBCARDC = CapCity
                    Modification to Job Card:  Everything that currently prints In the "Printing" section on the Job 
                    Card should also print under the diagram (see attached).
O-U-5-   03291102 E N-k Jobcardc = Protagon
                    1) Last Page ( Set utilization page)  to print for all jobs.  
                        Currently, this now only print for sets.  
                        Change Protagon Job Card to print last page for jobs with just 1 item will print the last pag
                    e.
                    2)  Change font on set utilization page of Job# and Order# to be the same size as the font as    
                               the customer name 
                    3)  Page 1, 6 Blocks Down on Right, CSR change to read PM 
                    4)  Die cutter section, have Die Cutter machine to print on the first line of the DC section of t
                    he           factory ticket.  We can remove the dc style to make room. 
                    5)  Add Item Name and Description1 & 2  to the set header screen  to print under Item Name 
                       (same bold and font of       item name.  Move Our date and due date to the right
                    
                    This should print the heading of Die Cutter:  and then print the machine that is a die cutter.  Y
                    ou will have to look at the machine file and find the first machine that is on the routing with t
                    he department of DC.  Example on our system look at order# 20292 the Die cutting Machine is the 
                    50" Press.  This machine prints and Die cutts. so the machine file shows. PR,DC
                    
                     Item#5 Add Item Name and Description1 & 2  to the set header screen  to print under Item Name   
                    (same bold and font of item name.  Move Our date and due date to the right
                    Item description is now printing over top of the dates.  Move our date to the left of due date.  
                     line it up to start printing at the same point of item name and decription. -BJ
O-U-5-   04011003 E N-K JOBCARDC = AllWest
                    JobCardC= AllWest.
                    We want the pallet stack pattern to print on our Job Card. We use Allwest.
                    
                    Copy the entire Packing BLOCK of AllWest with the Packing Block from Artios.
                    This has more info and includes the pattern.
O-U-5-   04081109 E N-K JobCardF = CentBox
                    The field "CAD number" is currently 15 characters in the estimate file and the finished goods fil
                    e.   The Century Bpx job ticket prints 7 characters.  (See Attached)
                    
                    Expanded Cad Number on job card to 12 characters. 
                    This would move "Style", "Carton Size" over to right.
                    You may need to truncate the carton size field to fit on the page.
O-U-5-   04101201 E N-K JOBCARDF = CentBox
                    Add new field "Previous Job#" to the Factory Ticket.  
                    The last (closed) job# this FG was run on should print in the field below it.
                    Remove "carton size" field from the Item line and replace with Last Job#
                    
                    To find the last closed job.
                    Search J-U-1 for the FG Item on the Job File.
                    Job Status = C.
                    Most Recent Job Closed DATE would be the most recent Job#
                    
                    Print Job Ticket on ASI system for FG item ATT-2297
                    There are many older jobs for this Item.
                    
                    Tested with order/job 204303.
O-U-5-   04101203 E N-K JobCardC = Soule
                    Make the "Order Information" section all in Bold - see attachment.
O-U-5-   04111303 E N-K JobCardC = CSC  TO Print Check List
                    NK1 JobCardC  = CSC 
                    See Attached
                    Create the Pre-Run Check List at the Bottom of the Page 1.
                    This is currently a PrePrinted Sticky Label they manually apply to every Job Ticket.
                    Make 6 Columns Accross the Page at the Bottom of Page 1.
                    
                    __ Customer ___  Scoring       __  Color            __  Printing                   __   Cert Stam
                    p  __ Part#   
                    __ Job#          ___  SFI Label    __  Fold Test   __  Box Match Spec __   Spec. Notes		_____  In
                    itials
                    
O-U-5-   04121304 E N-K RELPRINT = StClair   Copy Soule and Print Landscape.
                    Copy SOULE picking ticket.   See Attached.
                    They only want PO# or JOB# info to Print when Release Qty > Quantity On Hand.
                    Change Layout to print Landscape
                    1)  Logic Must Work Like N-K-1 RelPrint = PremierX
                         Toggel Box to Print Only Tags on Release, 
                         Toggle Box to Print Summary of Tags and 
                         Toggle Box to Print All Tags On Hand.
                    2)  New Column Called PO#/Job#
                         This will print the On Hand Job# or PO#.
                          If Open Job Exists for FG Item, Print Job# and Due Date
                          If Open Purchase Order Exists, Print PO# and Due Date 
                    3) New Column called  Recpt /Due Date 
                         For On Hand Inventory for a Job#, Receipt Date is 1st Receipt for Job.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 221

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         For On Hand Inventory for a PO#,  Receipt Date is 1st Receipt for Purchase Order #.
                         Open Purchase Orders, the Due Date from Items Tabs will Print.
                         Open Jobs, Due Date will Print the End Run Date from the  Last Machine on the Route Tab 
                    4) System to check OPEN Purchase Orders for FG Item
                    5) System to check OPEN Purchase Orders for FG Item
                    6) They want first section to print on page 1 only.
                    7)  They want last section to print at end of form.
                    8)  N-K-1 RelPrint   Integer Value = 1 will Summarize by Unit Count By Location
                    9)  Page Numbering on Each Page.   Removal of Page Number will Save $400.
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-U-5-   04201208 E N-K JobCardC = Soule
                    Due Date on Top Right prints from the O-U-1 Items Folder.
                    Change this to Print from the Due Date from J-U-1.
O-U-5-   04221010 E N-K JobCardC = LoyLang  Ship To for Warehouse Orders
                    Job Ticket
                    When the MANAGE Warehouse toggle box is checked on the order line item, the ship to on the job ti
                    cket will print the WHSE shipto code and address from customer X = LoyLange.
                    When the Manage Warehouse field is checked, the program will print the WHSE warehouse.
                    
                    Normally, the shipto will print from the Release folder based on release status and earliest date
                    .  This logic will continue to print exactly the same way when the Manage Warehouse is UNCHECKED.
                    
O-U-5-   04271101 E N-K JOBCARDF = Dee
                    Modify their existing Job Card (see attachment):
                    1)  Copy Inks Section from N-K-JobCardF = FibreFC to N-K-1 JobCardF = Dee.
O-U-5-   04281102 E N-K JOBCARDC = Premier  (PO# - 061011JDC)
                    Print User ID from JU1 on JobCard at the top between the Job Number and the words "JOB TICKET".
O-U-5-   05061101 E N-K JOBCARDF = MidYork   (Copy Knight and Make Changes)
                    See attached
                    1)  Copy Knight and Rename to MidYork
                    2)  Top Right next to Estimate#    Add CSR  -  This is User ID from Job File under J-U-1.
                    3)  Top Right next to Estimate#    Add REP  -  This is Sales Rep Code from O-U-1 Items Tab.
                    4)   Add Qty Ordered column.  This will be the actual Qty typed in when order is first created.
                    5)   Job Qty  Change Label to Qty Ordered with Overage.
                    6)   FG Item Section: 
                           Expand this section will print two lines per Finished Goods Item.
                           Add Carton Size Lx W x D under the FG Description
                    7)   Board Section:   Add Stock Item Code and Description where GRADE and CAL are.
                    8)   Board Section:   Remove GRADE and CAL and DIE SIZE label   
                    9)   Machine Section:   Remove GLUE and GLUE SIZE and GLUE TOTALS
                    10) Add Packong Note Field from I-F-1
O-U-5-   05101302 E N-K JOBCARDC = SOULE   (Pop up for quantities)
                    (See Popup Logic for N-K-1 JobCardF = Prystup)
                    
                    For each FORM on the Job, the program will display the Jobs Estimated Sheets to Run.
                    New Popup will also show FG Item# and Order Qty.
                    Customer Service can Change the Sheet Qty as Needed.
                    This pop up would pop up for every form.  
                    For example, if the estimate had 8 forms than the pop up would be display 8 times.
                    If a Form is changed to ZERO Sheets,
                    Then that form will not Print on the job ticket prints.
                    
                    
O-U-5-   05111001 E N-K JobCardC = LoyLang  Ship Notes for Warehouse Orders (Task 04221010
                    original task notes:
                    Job Ticket
                    When the MANAGE Warehouse toggle box is checked on the order line item, the ship to on the job ti
                    cket will print the WHSE shipto code and address from customer X = LoyLange.
                    When the Manage Warehouse field is checked, the program will print the WHSE warehouse.
                    
                    Normally, the shipto will print from the Release folder based on release status and earliest date
                    .  This logic will continue to print exactly the same way when the Manage Warehouse is UNCHECKED.
                    
                    Warehouse Toggle, must also change how shipto notes print.
                    Each customer will have a Shipto Code = WHSE.
                    The notes will then print from the ship to notes for that shipto.
                    
                    ---current task notes:------
                    Although this is working as expected, it has created a new issue.
                    Since all WHSE orders that have Managed Inventory selected are pulling the Customer X - LOYLAN WH
                    SE ship to info, it eliminates our ability to enter shipping notes for specific customers WHSE or
                    ders.
                    
                    Instead of pulling from customer X - LOYLAN, can it pull from that specific customers WHSE ship t
                    o? Then we can enter customer specific ship notes for whse orders
O-U-5-   05131107 E N-K JOBCARDC = Protagon
                    On a set and single items estimates, when "Print Set Unitization Page" is checked, the last page 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 222

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    is titled "Bill of Materials".  This page needs to be expanded to landscape.  Need "BM" notes to 
                    print in the special instruction field.
                    1)  Remove adders 
                    2)  Make so BM notes print at the bottom under special instructions
                    3)  Expand Font and size of entire page
                    4)  Remove Joint Material
                    Bugs from original modification
                    5)  Add ability to enter number of samples required (this should have been copied from hughes on 
                    the origianl mod Protagon had done)
                    6)  PO Section should print all PO's for that form and blank for that job
O-U-5-   05251111 E N-K JobCardF = FibreFC
                    1)  Reduce the # of characters under the GRAPHIC LOG # field of the folding factory ticket from  
                          21 to 10
                    2)  Add the additional character space to the ITEM NAME field
                    3)  Change the name of that field from GRAPHIC LOG # to G.L. #
O-U-5-   06061104 E N-K JOBCARDC = Protagon
                    On a set and single items estimates, when "Print Set Unitization Page" is checked, the last page 
                    is titled "Bill of Materials".  This page needs to be expanded to landscape.  Need "BM" notes to 
                    print in the special instruction field.
                    1)  Remove adders 
                    2)  Make so BM notes print at the bottom under special instructions
                    3)  Expand Font and size of entire page
                    4)  Remove Joint Material
                    Bugs from original modification
                    5)  Add ability to enter number of samples required (this should have been copied from hughes on 
                    the origianl mod Protagon had done)
                    6)  PO Section should print all PO's for that form and blank
O-U-5-   06061105 E N-K JOBCARDF = CARDED  ship via field
                    See Attached
                    The Ship Via field needs to come from the RELEASE FOLDER from the order.
                    This needs to be the first release on that folder.
O-U-5-   06111208 E N-K JOBCARDC = MCPartitions
                    Mods to JobCard:
                    
                    Print Department Notes = SP in the "Shipping Info" box of the JobCard.
                    Also, Print Customer Shipto Notes in the Bottom "Shipping Info" box (see attachment for where the
                    se should pull from).
                    
                    Print whatever can fit without going to a 2nd page. 
O-U-5-   06131202 E N-K JOBCARDC = MCPartitions
                    Mods to JobCard:
                    1)  Move the sections "Long Strip Dies", Short Strip Dies", and "3rd Strip Dies" to print directl
                    y
                          under the E-Mail line in the 1st section and the Under Over %'s in the Estimate # section.
                    2)  For each strip, print die 1x (see attachment).
                    3)  Reduce "Machine Routing" section (the max # of machines per job is 2).
                    4)  In the "Prep & Packing:" section, the Skid needs to accomodate up to 10 characters
                         and the Cases need to accomodate up to 4 characters (see attachment - Note:  cases do
                         not print at all when the Skid field is 10 characters).
O-U-5-   06181202 E N-K JOBCARDF = KNIGHT***  (Copied from Accord)  New ticket for Knight
                    See Attachment for Changes.
                    
                    1.  Print Customer OVER / UNDER %  from O-U-1 View Folder near top of Job Ticket.
                    2.  The SHEET SIZE that prints on the FT pulls from the estimate Layout Tab Gross Sheet size
                          No Changes Needed.
                    3.  Expand Inks to Support 15 Inks Codes in Three Sections
                          See Attached Scan001 document.
                          Character Spaces is as follows:
                    Units (9)  Ink Code (10),  Description (18)  Lbs (3)     Each Section will be Max 43 Characters
                    4.  Inks/Pack folder allows F or B for Front or Backside of Sheet
                         Add Column Label called P and Print either F or B.
                         Print F Inks first then B Inks Next.
                    5.  LABEL ITEM section
                         a) Import PO# from the O-U-1 Items Tab as opposed to the View Tab info
                         b)  Print Finished Goods Item description line #2 
                    6.  Add order quantity from O-U-1 Items Folder
                         (or replace Form quantity if we have to in order to show the order quantity.)
                    7.  Print Pevious Job# to be added (See Attached Scan0001)
                         This will print the 1st FG Item Codes Previous Job# from the J-U-1 Folder.
                        (Edit:  Spoke to Jim and he said that the Previous Order # from OU1 should be used here)
O-U-5-   06251208 E N-K JOBCARDC = PROTAGON
                    Modifications to Bill of Materials (BOM) Set Unitization Page of Job Card:
                    1) Remove the 'SAMPLES' AND 'DIE' columns (ASI example is Job 204674-00 - see attached)
                    2) Add 'CUST PART #' column and print the Customer Part Number between 'FINISHED
                        GOOD #" and "DESCRIPTION' columns (example on attachment BOM-1029-2)
                    3) All Special Instructions to print more than 14 lines of notes.
                        Notes will paginate according to the design laid out in attached powerpoint.
                        New 2nd Page for Set Unitization to print up to 55 Lines of Additional Set notes.
                        New Page will only have the Set Heading followed by Full Page in a Box for Notes.
O-U-5-   06271307 E Jobcardf = Colonial - change LBs to LF for Board
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 223

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Currently the folding carton factory ticket is showing board requirements in lbs and we need the 
                    folding carton one to show it in linear feet.
                    
                    Per BJ: We will include this into the mod when we make the factory ticket changes. They need this
                     portion changed ASAP. 
O-U-5-   07031204 E N-K JobCardF = Prystup - Additional Ink columns and alignment changes
                    Changes requested for the Prystup Job card include:
                    Adding a second column for each Ink Unit on the 2nd page.
                    Re-alignment of the boxes on the 1st page.
                    
                    See attached Excel file for a visual depiction of changes and the "To Do List" sheet for a full l
                    isting.
                    
                    Note:  Latest revision should utilize an Excel template to make formatting and alignment changes 
                    easier in the future.
O-U-5-   07091401 E N-K JOBCARDC = RFC2
                    Print the Finished Goods Category from the I-F-1 File below the Customer Part#.
                    For Sets, each page / form will print different FG Category.
                    
                     - see attachment. 
                    
                    Print Order / Job # 207766 which is a Set with 3 Forms.
                    BUD LITE LIME-1  is Product Category Boxes
                    BUD LITE LIME-2  is Product Category Partn
                    BUD LITE LIME-3  is Product Category Partn
                    
                    However, the JobcardC = RFC2 prints Boxes on all 3 pages for all items.
O-U-5-   07111101 E N-K JOBCARDC = Protagon
                    On a set and single items estimates, when "Print Set Unitization Page" is checked, the last page 
                    is titled "Bill of Materials".  This page needs to be expanded to landscape.  Need "BM" notes to 
                    print in the special instruction field.
                    1)  Remove adders 
                    2)  Make so BM notes print at the bottom under special instructions
                    3)  Expand Font and size of entire page
                    4)  Remove Joint Material
                    Bugs from original modification
                    5)  Add ability to enter number of samples required (this should have been copied from hughes on 
                    the origianl mod Protagon had done)
                    6)  PO Section should print all PO's for that form and blank
O-U-5-   07111307 E N-K JOBCARDC = Protagon (Bolded Font)
                    Customer needs a quote for the following mod to the jobcardc=Protagon.
                    Remove description Part item name and print information in an increased and bolded font. 
                    I believe the original is courier new font size 10 I changed to font size 12 and bold.
O-U-5-   07151103 E N-K JobCardC = CSC-GA (Portrait) Copy XPRINT (Portrait)  JOBQTYCUST Lo
                    Jobs are added to J-U-1 with an estimate number such as an 8x8x8 box.
                    This Job will not have an Order number.
                    This job card is printing the calculated job quantity (quantity + over-run) in the Order Quantity
                     field.  
                    
                    If Order# does not exist on J-U-1 folder, print the JOB quantity, without overrun on the factory 
                    ticket where it shows order Quantity
                    Please see the attached screenshot for clarification.
                    
O-U-5-   07211404 E N-K JOBCARDC = BELL   (Copy SOULE)
                    See attached  changes to SOULE Job Ticket Format   (Print ASI Jobs 207764)
                    PAGE 1  (Print Soule's Job Card and Change as Follows)
                    1) 1st top Line will print similar to Artios Job Card
                    2)  Under Order Info Section:  Change Customer Part# to Set Part#  
                          Under Order Info Section:   Change Item Name to Set Item Name 
                    3)  Board Section will print extra fields on Artios Job Card.
                    4)  Scores from Soule will print accross the page up to 30 Scores.
                    5)  Score Type under each Score the Prints.   (Spec Tab  Overwrite see attached)
                    6)  Remove Notes Section at bottom of Page 1.   (This already prints on Sutherland page 2)
                          Copy the Artios Finished Goods Produced & Sheets Ordered          
                    
                    PAGE 2 - Sutherland Box Design and Notes.
                    1)  This must print up to 30 Scores and Score Types
                        (Score example is 14.08-N     this will is 14 inches 8/16ths and NORMAL Score.
                        This is 8 characters with Space Bar.  
                        Box Length is on Portrait 80 Column paper will only print 10 x 8 acrross.   
                        This will need to Print 3 lines of Scores to print 30 scores accross the length.
                        Box Width will print up to 30 Lines down the page. 
                    
                    SET Unit Page.
                    This will print as current  version when Toggle Box is Checked for SETS
                    
                    Disregard Toggle Boxes for production and shipping checkboxes in the top right corner. 
                    They are not going to print Duplicate Copies.
O-U-5-   08071407 E N-K JobCardF = Colonial - Change F/B data to include Job Number
                    N-K Jobcardf = Colonial
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 224

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    See attached, page #1 for changes required to Job Card.
                    Add the Job# to the front of the form and blank and combine form and blank into 1 2 digit number.
                    
                    Widen column to support all 8 characters.
                    
                    In the attached, the information should print:
                    
                    F/B              FG Item #     ->(Rest of the columns moved over also...)->
                    32860-11   1052963C1
                    32860-12   1083375C1
                    etc.
O-U-5-   08081303 E N-K JOBCARDF = Knight   - Add Batch #:
                    On the last page of the Knight Job Card, Add a "Batch #:" field right above the Barcode.
                    This field should pull the Customer Lot # from the first Release from the Release Tab of OU1 for 
                    the job's order.
                    
                    To retain the line count, move the Qty/Pal to the right of the Qty/Cas on the same line and add t
                    he "Batch#:" field on the line vacated by Qty/Pal.
O-U-5-   08131409 E N-K JOBCARDC = RFC2
                    See Attached Cap City Job Card.
                    N-K-1 JobcardC = RFC2 
                    The job card currenlty prints the box design dimensions on page two in Imperial inches.
                    This is pefect.
                    
                    Mod - See Attached
                    Add the Metrix Dimensions on the Job Ticket similar to the N-K-1 JobCardC = CapCity 
                    This will print  the Box Length Metric Dimensionsunder the Box Design under each panel
                    This will print the Box Width Metric Dimensions under the Box Width Dimension on the Right
O-U-5-   08301304 E N-K JobcardC = ARTIOS - 2nd page
                    They would like to get rid of the 2nd page of an item on the job ticket.
O-U-5-   09071101 E N-K JOBCARDC = Protagon
                    See attachments.
                    1) Replace "Style:" with "Designer:" on the jobcard BOM 
                         Print the Designer's name from the Artios file for the CAD.   Per Vil at Protagon:  This fie
                    ld
                         is auto-populated from their database so it is an item that can be extracted from
                         Advantzware:  PACK(DBGET(DSGNR,FNAME$)," ",DBGET(DSGNR,LNAME$))
                    2) Replace "Size:" with "Project Manager:" on the jobcard BOM.
                    3) Print the  Last User's ID from the order.
                    4) Print "Die Inches:" on JobCard in the "Die Cutting" section and pull this info from the
                         Estimate "Layout" folder (see attachment).
                    5) On BOM, replace "Cust Part #:" with "Project #:" but continue to print the Cust Part #
                         in the field beside it.
                    
                    
                    
                    (Option may be to modify Cad Import to import Designer Name,, Project Manager
O-U-5-   09111404 E N-K JobCardF = PackRit   C Flute not Printing on Job Ticket
                    Folding Estimates = Layout Tab = BOM Button.
                    See Attached.
                    See ASI Estimate 11756
                    ASI Order  207898
                    
                    The Flute will not print if the Estimate Layout Tab under BOM shows C Flute.
                    Other Flutes print.
                    
                    Also, 
                    There is an error message for packing code C or P.
O-U-5-   09170901 E N-K JOBCARDC = PQP  Create new job card for Pacific Quality Pkg
                    BJ - Please see solution.
                    
                    COPY JOBCARDC = Premier
                    Create new job card based on Premier job ticket attached. 
                    Make font much larger, merge all vertical lines, Color Key: Blue Constants Green Variables Red In
                    structions and eliminate a lot of information HOP doesn't need. . 
                    
                    
O-U-5-   09201004 E N-K JOBCARDC = HUGHES
                    Expand Cad# field on Job Ticket to 12 characters.
                    To make room, change the label Our Order#  to Order# on the same line.
O-U-5-   10021205 E N-K JOBCARDC = RFC2
                    Print the "Name:" from the RM file for the board below what already prints in the Board section b
                    eside "Board:" - see attachment. 
O-U-5-   10031204 E N-K JOBCARDC = MCPARTITIONS
                    Add the following to the jobcard in the lower left-hand corner (see attachment of job#205278/Est#
                    9596 for placement).  Note:  these fields are for manual entries:
                    
                    ___________@______________
                    ___________@______________
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 225

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Total Qty:  __________________
                    Total Weight:  _______________
                    Total Pallets:  _______________
                    ___________________________
                        Initials                                Date
O-U-5-   10111203 E N-K JOBCARDC - Trilakes2
                    N-K-1 / JOBCARDC - TriLakes2
                    Job Card  shows overrun and under run as a percentage %. 
                    This percentage is based upon what we set up the in customer files, but can be changed on the ITE
                    MS tab of O-U-1 during order entry.  Change the over/under run % be changed to show maximum, mini
                    mum pieces for the order.
                    
                    Change the percentage to Quantity Field.
                    1)  Change lable from Underrun to Min.
                          Data will be the Job Qty from J-U-1 x percentage on the Items Folder.
                          Underrun Qty Formula is Job Qty x (1 -  (Underrrun % / 100)
                          If perentage is 5% this is divided by 100 then Add 1 
                    2)  Change lable from Overrun to Max.
                          Data will be the Job Qty from J-U-1 x percentage on the Items Folder.
                          Formula is Job Qty x 1 + (Overrun % / 100)
                          If perentage is 5% this is divided by 100 then Add 1 
                    
                    Example;  ITEM Folder is changed to Overrun 5%, Underrun 5%
                    Job Card will show :  Minimum 950 / Maximum 1050.
                    Min = 1000 x .95
                    Max = 1000 x 1.05
O-U-5-   10111316 E N-K JobCardC = LoyLang   Add Spec Notes to the Job Ticket
                    Print  Spec Notes by FG Item Form on Job Ticket.  See Attached.
                    Copy Logic for printing Spec Notes  from N-K-1 JobCardC = Protagon
                    Test with Order 206957 for Unassembled Set.
                    
                    Print in Section / Block above Ship Notes / Comments
                    See Attached.
                    Space is limited, once space is full
                    Program will not print trunscate notes that are too big to fit into the block.
                    
                    Print Form 1 Spec Notes on Form 1
                    Print Form 2 Spec Notes on Form 2
                    
                    
                    Test with Order 206957 for Unassembled Set.
                    Logic must also work for normal Single Item jobs.
                    
O-U-5-   10131407 E N-K JOBCARDF = CentBox - Pop-up messages for QA Notes
                    N-K Jobcardf=Centbox.  See ASI Job for FG item ATT-2297
                    This mod will add the following functionality when a user prints a Job Ticket using the format "C
                    entBox":
                    1) The system will display a pop-up window for each Spec Note 
                         (ie notes accessible from the book icon) 
                         For each Finished Good item on the job with the "Spec:" category = "QA".  
                         If there are 7 items on a job and each of them has a QA note, the user will see 7 pop-ups.
                    2)  The message will contain a message on the first line.  
                          On the second line, the label "Note:" will print followed by the contents of the QA Note
                            (wrapping lines if necessary).  
                          There will be a single "OK" button to dismiss the pop-up. 
                    3) For the 1st job for a given FG item, with a Job Created date that is later than the date of th
                    e note, the message will be a warning message.  
                    The first line will read: "Warning: Quality Defect on Previous Run!".  The message will display a
                    n "info" icon (blue circle with lowercase i).  The title of the message window will be "QA Warnin
                    g"
                    4) For all jobs with a created date later than that of the first job identified in #3, the messag
                    e will be an Alert message.  The first line will read: "Alert: Please Verify That Previous Qualit
                    y Defect Has Been Resolved."  The message will display an "alert" icon (yellow triangle with excl
                    amation point).  The title of the message window will be "QA Alert".
                    
                    
O-U-5-   10181304 E N-K JOBCARDF = Keystone
                    JobcardF = Keystone  - See Attached.
                    ASI Menu O-U-5 or O-U-1 Items Tab, Job Card Icon
                    
                    Attachment page 1 shows current - remove "GLUING PICK-UP COUNT:", 
                    move field down AQL:__________ 
                     
                    Attachment page 2 shows new - add "PACK:___________PER PALLET"  
                    (Pick up qty from estimate)
                     
                    Attachment page 3 shows current (EF ink/pack tab) - 
                    pick up qty from Cases/Pall field and print on factory ticket.
                     
                    Attachment page 4 shows current 2nd information screen for factory ticket - 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 226

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    remove "Gluing Pick Up Count:" 
O-U-5-   11021201 E N-K JOBCARDC = Premier (Add barcode to job ticket.)
                    Please see attached changes to Job ticket.
                    The Job Number must include the Job Number and Job Suffix.
                    The first 6 Characters will be the Job# and the next two digits will be the Job Suffix.
                    Add Barcode that can be scanned to create load tags.  
                    Bar Code that Prints would be similar to N-K-1 JobCardF = CentBox 
                    Move other fields to LEFT to make more room for 15 character plus 6 digit bar code ID.
                    
                    However, this will print at the top right.
O-U-5-   11031405 E N-K JobCardC = CSC-GA  - Bold
                    Make the contents of Jobcardc = CSC-GA bold font 
                    
O-U-5-   11111102 E N-K JOBCARDC = Protagon
                    1) Replace "Style:" with "Designer:" on the jobcard BOM 
                    2) Print the Designer's name from the Artios file for the CAD. 
                         DBREC.DSGNR.LNAME$ for last name
                         DBREC.DSGNR.FNAME$ for the first name
                     
O-U-5-   11121204 E N-K JOBCARDC  = MCPARTITIONS
                    1) Add "ITEM LINE PO#:" to the bottom, right-hand corner of the job-card
                    2) Print Item Description 1 from the OU1 Items folder beside it - see attachment.
                    
                    
O-U-5-   11151310 E N-K JOBCARDC = SOULE   (Add F-750-001-A)
                    See Attachment
                    F-750-001-A need to be added to the job card of every page that prints.
                    The attachment only displays F-750-001 but it needs to say F-750-001-A where F-750-001 is.
O-U-5-   12021006 E N-K JOBCARDF = CARDED
                    Please make the following modifications (also see attachment): 
                    
                    1) Print "Carded Graphics, LLC" at the top. 
                    2) Leave Room to print a 4 line Ship To address. 
                    3) Add "SHIP VIA". Between the ship to address and "Overrun".
                    4) Move "DUE DATE:" and "ESTIMATE:" to the left and add "LAYOUT#" to the right. 
                    5) Move "STYLE" so the next column is "CARTON SIZE/STYLE" with the style description printing und
                    er Carton size 
                    6) Remove "Prev:" ? replace with Style Description (i.e. Auto bottom tuck top).  
                    7) Replace "CODE" and "DUE DATE" with "CASE SIZE:"and the case size printing underneath.
                    8) Remove "CATEGORY'.
                    9) Move "DUE DATE" and "VEN NAME" all the way to the right.
                    10) Move "Sheets" left.
                    11) Change "SHEET SIZE" TO "HOUSE SIZE".
                    12) Remove "Die Size" completely.
                    13) Change "NET SHEET/DIE" to "MIN SHEET SIZE".
                    14) "LAYOUT" should not print on this line. It is moved to the top right.
                    15) Remove spaces between the "MACHINE" "MR WASTE" ?MR HRS? ?RUN SPEED? ?SPOIL%? ? SHEETS? column
                    s.
                    16) Each machine should have a line to the right. 
                    17) Add "DATE", "FINISHED SHEETS/CARTONS" to print above the blank lines.
                    18) Skip a line between each machine. 
                    19) Print Book (Spec) notes. 
                    20) Print Pen (Order) notes. 
O-U-5-   12201104 E N-K JobCardC = MultiCellGA (Copy and Re-Name MCPartitions)  (75 Per Ho
                    The current Job Card is printing most of the fields on the attached Excel sample of the new JobCa
                    rd.  The fields have been re-arranged and modifications include:
                    Form 1 is Long,  Form2 is Short, Form 3 is 1st item on Form
                      1) In the "Description/Part#:" field, print the Item Name from the RM file (see attached).
                      2) "Order#" to print in top right hand corner
                      3) In "Special Requirements:" section, only print "Reverse Corrugation:"
                      4) Re-name the Field "Slot Depth:" to "Slot Height:"
                      5) Re-name the "Type" field to "Material:".  Currently, this field prints the Item # - instead,
                     print 
                           the Item Name from estimate (see attached).
                      6) "Total MSF: "  and "QTY are using the order quantity.  Use the Max quantity instead (Order
                           Quantity + Overrrun).
                      7) Change the field name "Strip:" instead of "Strips:".
                      8) Add "Cell Sizes" sections (not on current JobCard).  This should pull-in the Panel Sizes
                           from the estimate specs folder.  You can find these in E-C.  If you "Update" and press F1 
                    in          the Blank Length (on bottom line) you will see the Panel Sizes (Max = 9 characters).
                      9) Note:  "Max Routing" section will be a maximum of 3 Machines.
                    10) The "Notes:" section should print the Pen Notes and Customer's "Dept" Book notes.
                    11) The "Shipping Info" should be the 1st Ship-To on the release.
                    
                    Currently the slot depth is calculated the same way for all partitions.
                    Height/2 + .125
                    We need to make the following changes.
                    If the height of the partition is 1.5 or lower calculate the slot depth by Height/2
                    If the height of the partition is over 1.5 calculate the slot depth by Height/2 + .0625
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 227

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
O-U-5-   12211002 E N-K JOBCARDC = PEACHTREE (Copy ARTIOS and modify)
                    Copy ARTIOS with the following modifications (see attachment):
                    1) In "Order Information" box, make the "Order Qty" bold and "Job Qty" should not be bold.  if it
                     is a set, make the component quantity bold, not the order quantity.
                    2) In "Production ID"box, add "Item Name:" (from FG file).
                    3) Have the "Adders" print in bold and move down across from the Board.
                    4) In the "Printing" box, must show all inks on form
                    
                    Do not show Copy 2 and 3 in Tray 2 (Artios) and Print All Unprinted App. Tickets? toggle boxes fo
                    r this new jobcard.
                    
                    
                    Test with ASI Job 202342
                    
                    
O-U-6-   05101107 E Close\Reopen Orders  Change Format to Allow Negative Sell Price
                    See Attached Order 202038
                    The sell price is -
                    Change format to accept negative sell price.
O-U-6-   11221005 E Do not allow an item to be closed if there is an Actual release. (Cust
                    If there is an Actual or Scheduled release for an item, do not allow the item to be closed.
                    When an item is invoiced, check to see if that item for that order has a release setup.
                    If a release exists for that item, show popup window that says "S"cheduled or "A"ctual or whateve
                    r the status is other than "C"omplete exist for this order. Order will remain open.
O-U-7-   01091303 E LoadTag Creation to Display Item Name on Worksheet
                    Loadtag Worksheet can be printed via Advantzware and Sharp Shooter.
                    Add the FG Item Name as the Last Field on the LoadTag Work Sheet.
O-U-7-   01121002 E Add code to field for end Job# to bring in label tag line.
                    O-U-7
                    Job: 228972-00
                    Order: 228922
                    Add code to Job# to bring in information on the Label Matrix Label line.  
                    They do not enter order number.
O-U-7-   02071305 E New Toggle box called  ___ Transfer Lot# to Pallet Tag
                    O-U-1 Loadtag Icon and O-U-7 Loadtag Menu Option.
                    Click Print PO#  From  =  ___Release
                    
                    1)  Add new Toggle Boxed called:    Xfer Release Lot#  
                    (Which in reality will be the Generai Mills RFQ#)
                    The O-U-1 Release Tab has a field called Lot#.
                    The O-U-7 LoadTag program creates pallet tags.
                    The print selection screen is used to download data to a worksheet prior to creating loadtag.
                    The Worksheet has a field called FG Lot#.
                    When Xfer Release Lot# is checked, this will transfer the O-U-1 Lot# to the O-U-7 worksheet Lot#.
                      
                    
                    2)  ADD new Field to Worksheet, PO# to the Worksheet as a Display Only.  
                          This already downloads to the TEXT File.  
                    
                    
                    Please note,  (No programming needed for following)
                    The existing logic will then automatically transfer the Lot#  to the I-U-1 Receipt screen.
                    Then when the receipt is posted, it will be transferred to the Finished Goods I-F-1 History tab. 
                      
                    The net result, the RFQ# will follow the Pallet Tag# thoughout the system.
                    This will appear whereever the Tag number is displayed.
                    Bottom line, adding the RFQ# to the Lot# is a far more dynamic option for the RFQ number then typ
                    ing the RFQ# to the Orders Descripiton 2 field.
                    
O-U-7-   05231205 E LoadTag Creation to Downlaod Pallet Code (Loadtag = ASI)
                    Download Pallet Code from Estimate when creating a LoadTag.  
                    This will be the last field in the text file.
                    Please note, this must download FORM 0-0 for set Headers that are Assembled.
                    This will also download each Forms Pallet Code for each component.
                    Likewise, each pallet code for each Form and Blank will be downloaded for Combination jobs and Ta
                    ndem Jobs.
                    
                    Please Note, new Field will be called PalletCode in the text file.
                    This is downloaded to the file defined under N-K-1 BarDir Description File.
                    Or it may be downloaded to the File defined in the User ID File if another parameter is set.
O-U-7-   06091406 E LoadTag Creation Toggle Box to Download Jobs PO#
                    See Attached.
                    Add new Option on Downloading the PO#.
                    New Option will be Job#.
                    When Checked, the Loadtag Worksheets  PO# will download from the Jobs PO#.
                    
                    Print OU7 for job W11725
                    This does not have an Order Number, therefore no Purchase order Number is downloaded.
                    I manually typed the PO# on the Job File under VIEW JOB Screen. 
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 228

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    In this example, the PO# = Blanket PO# should download to the WorkSheet.
                    Then this should download to the Text File when the Loadtag is created.
                    
O-U-7-   07101301 E Add Tag Counter# and Total Tags for Run
                    O-U-7 and Loadtag Icon on the Order Entry screen (O-U-1, items tab) 
                    The worksheet allows defining number of units, unit count and total number of tags.
                    Create the following new Text File Fields
                    1)  Tag Counter#     (This will always start at 1 and end at the number of tags created)
                    2)  No of Tags         (This will be the number of tags defined on worksheet)
                    
                    For example, 
                    Customer service types unit count of 2000, units per pallet = 1 and Total Tags = 10.
                    The program will create 10 tags numbered 1 through 10.
                    Each line in the text file will have the Qty of Tags = 10.
                    The first line in the text file will have Tag Counter# = 1 and No. of Tags = 10
                    The 2nd line in the text file will have Tag Counter# = 2 and No. of Tags = 10
                    The 3rd line in the text file will have Tag Counter# = 3 and No. of Tags = 10
                    The 4th line in the text file will have Tag Counter# = 4 and No. of Tags = 10
                    The 5th line in the text file will have Tag Counter# = 5 and No. of Tags = 10
                    The 6th line in the text file will have Tag Counter# = 6 and No. of Tags = 10
                    Etc.
                    Etc.
                    Etc.
                    The Box Plant will creates labels that Print 1 of 10,  2 of 10, 3 of 10 etc.  So the Plant knows 
                    how many tags to run for this job batch.
O-U-7-   08291408 E F1 Lookup on PO# -  New Radio Buttons
                    See Attached.
                    Click Purchased Item Receipt.
                    Click PO# and Press F1
                    
                    On the AutoFind 
                    Add Job#
                    Add Item#
                    New Radio Button to AutoFind Purchase orders.
                    
                    Please note
                    OU7 creates Loadtags for Finished Goods Items ONLY.
                    This should not find Raw Materials Items.
                    This should only find Jobs for FG Item.
                    The ITEMS tab of the PO must be a Finished Goods Item.
O-U-7-   08301203 E LoadTag to Downlaod User Selected Shipto Address
                    Currently, shipto information is downloaded from the release folder.
                    However, orders may ship to multiple locations which require printing multiple load tags for each
                     delivery location.
                    
                    Add new field on the O-U-7 Print Selection Screen.
                    Toggle Box called  Shipto  Y/N which will be a toggle box   
                    Also as field called Shipto Code ________  
                    If Shipto is Checked, 
                    then the user can press F1 on the Shipto Code to select a Customer File Shipto Code.
                    Once the Code is defined, this will OVERRIDE, the current logic.
                    Thus the shipto information will download the shipto code defined on the O-U-7 screen rather than
                     download the shipto from the Release Tab of  OU1.
                    
                    IF the toggle box IS NOT checked, the shipto data will continue to download from the O-U-1 Releas
                    e Folder. 
O-U-7-   09151408 E Load Tag prompts by Spec Code = UN (Unitization Notes)
                    New Spec Group = UN  for Unitization Notes
                    
                    O-U-7 Loadtag Creation will search for I-F-1 Book Icon for Spec Note = UN.
                    If the Fishished Goods item has a Spec Note = UN, then the Spec Notes will Popup.
                    
                    When creating the loadtag, the program immediately executes an UPDATE funciton.
                    Priop to the update, the program will search the FG item for the Spec Note.
                    The User will press OK on the Notes to proceed to type the unit counts.
                    If an order has multiple finished goods items.
                    The UPDATE button will be used to change each Finished Goods Item.
                    Likewise, when the UPDATE button is pressed, the program will search for Spec Note = UN.
                    If this exists, the Notes for the Spec Code UN will display before the Counts can be updated. 
O-U-7-   10051104 E N-K RFIDTAG   Change RFID Format to 24 Digits Number
                    Change the O-F-2 Control Next RFID number to be a 24 digit number.  Also, change Loadtag file to 
                    house this 24 digit field.   The RFID tag value currently created will have the zip code then lea
                    ding zeros, then the actual number of the tag at the end.   
                    So a tag might look like:  608030000000000000001234
                    
                    Just increment by one for every new pallet.   For example:
                    Pallet 1 = 608030000000000000001234
                    Pallet 2 = 608030000000000000001235
                    Pallet 3 = 608030000000000000001236
                    Pallet 4 = 608030000000000000001237
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 229

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Pallet 5 = 608030000000000000001238
                    Pallet 6 = 608030000000000000001239
                    Pallet 7 = 608030000000000000001240 (notice how I did not roll to 123A which is a Hex digit)
                    
                    If you just increment numerically, our system does not care.  Your system never has to do any con
                    version from HEX to Binary or ASCII and it saves on your development effort.  Your Foldware field
                     in the Foldware database essentially becomes a 24 digit numeric field.
                    The prefix on the RFID sytem filter tags at the read points.  Its not necessary for the system to
                     operate but helps eliminate erronous non-Accord tags from being seen.  In 5 years, we could see 
                    lots of products and assets being used or purchased by Accord that this system does not need to t
                    rack that have RFID tags embedded.  The prefix helps the system filter those tags.
O-U-7-   10081202 E New Pallet# in Customer File as Counter for Bar Code on LoadTag
                    New database field in customer file called Pallet# representing a Pallet Counter.
                    Add F3 Help logic to document field.   This will be numeric 9 digit field counter number of the l
                    ast pallet.   Customer will type the last pallet number such as 111000200.
                    The loadtag program (O-U-7) will import the pallet number + 1 and download to the text file.
                    The loadtag program will sequentially number each pallet loadtag.
                    For each loadtag created, the pallet# will be increased by 1.   For example, if the customer file
                      Pallet# is 111000200.   If loadtag program is run and the user makes 10 pallet tags.
                    The program will download the pallet numbers 
                    111000201,
                    111000202,
                    111000203,
                    111000204,
                    111000205,
                    111000206,
                    111000207,
                    111000208,
                    111000209,
                    111000210,
                    The last number 111000210 will then be the number displayed in the customer file.
                    If they run loadtags for another item the next pallet tag will be 111000211.
                    PLEASE NOTE, when the last 6 digits are 999999 PROMPT,  Reset Pallet Number to 1.
                    The customer must then reset the number to 11100000.
O-U-7-   10111315 E LoadTag Creation to Display Item Name on Worksheet
                    Loadtag Worksheet can be printed via Advantzware and Sharp Shooter.
                    Expand Worksheet to Full Screen.
                    See Attached.
                    
                    Also COPY Button to Copy All Lines.
                    
                    
                    Other Advantzware Windows.
                    Click Help at Top of Left Corner of Screen.
                    Then click Maximize.
                    Exist to Menu and return to Screen and it will maximize the screen.
                    
                    
                    
                    
O-U-7-   10161306 E Popup Warning When LoadTag Qty Exceeds Allowable Overrun Qty
                    Loadtag Worksheet can be printed via Advantzware and Sharp Shooter.
                    See Attached.
                    
                    New Popup Warning Message when typing Number of Tags.
                    " Number of Tags x Count  exceeds the Order Qty + OverRun% Allowed! "
                    Continue?  Yes will Allow.   NO will Force Changing the Number of Tags.
                    
                    On Attttached Example.
                    Order Qty = 75,400
                    Overrun = 0%   (This equals multiplier of 1)
                    Count = 2900
                    
                    Hence Allowable Overrun = 75,400 x 1.00 = 75,400
                    
                    75,400 / 2900 = 26 Pallet Tags
                    
                    If he types 27 or greater, he will get Warning TAGS Exceed Allowable Over Run ??
                    
                    
                    PLEASE NOTE.  This will prevent user from typing weight of 2000 in the number of tags field.
                    
O-U-7-   11201305 E DROP DOWN Box to Pick Specific FG items of a Set.   **INV***
                    Drop Down List of Items including Set Parent Item and Set Componets.
                    User Selects Items to Create Pallet Tags.
                    Only checked item is displayed (on the screen after you say ok)
                    
                    In other words.
                    If they create tags for a SET, they want toggle Box to include or exclude the components.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 230

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
O-U-7-   11221003 E N-K RFIDTAG   To Create New Sequential Number
                    Deploy this task with deploying P:\asi_gui10\db\asidelta_rfidtag.dfN-K-1 RFIDtag.    
                    Create and use RFID Tags?   New database fields called RFID tag in the Sharp Shooter Loadtag File
                    , LoadtagText File, FG Receipt File, FG Transfer, FG Cycle Count and FG Control File and FG Histo
                    ry File.    Order Entry Control File (O-F-2) field called Last Bar Code Label used will be change
                    d to Last RFID Number Used.   This will be expanded to 12 digits.   
                    
                    Logical Value YES will create an RFID tag number for each LoadTag number created.
                    The SS Finished Goods Loadtag File will have a new field called RFID Tag Number.
                    This will also be downloaded to the Existing Text File.    When creating load tags our system cre
                    ates a loadtag number equal to the FG item code plus a 5 digit number.  This is too many characte
                    rs for the least expensive RFID tag number.  This new RFID tag number will be used as a cross ref
                    erence field to the existing loadtag number.    
                    
                    The O-U-7 program exists.   You simply need to create a new field called RFID Tag#.
                    This will require a delta / schema change.
                    This will require a utility to update the customers database.
                    Please note, 
                    Current Logic uses Label Matrix.
                    Accord will change to BAR TENDER software which encrypts RFID tag numbers.
                    The O-U-7 program downloads the Label from Advantzware File which have been in Label Matrix forma
                    t.
                    This assumes Bar Tender Format can be used.
                    
                    
O-U-7-   12061205 E N-K FGRecpt = LOADTAG to Create Set Parts for Assemble Sets FG receipt
                    I-U-1 Finished Goods Receipts SET PARTS Tab.
                    If I receive an Assembled Set for Job 205612, the program also builds the SET Parts tab.
                    For Example,  the set item MILLER LITE requires
                    1 RSC item MIller Lite S01
                    5 Width Partitions Item MIller Lite S02
                    3 Length Partitions Item MIller Lite S03
                    
                    If I add Receipt for 2000 Sets via IU1 without Tag for Job 205612
                    Program creates -2000 Receipt for RSC item MIller Lite S01
                    Program creates -10000 Receipt for Width Partitions Item MIller Lite S02
                    Program creates -6000 Receipt for Length Partitions Item MIller Lite S03
                    
                    
                    MOD IS AS FOLLOWS:
                    The O-U-7 LOAD TAG program creates a Load Tag under I-U-1 but does not build the Set Parts.   Cop
                    y logic from I-U-1 and build the Set Parts Automatically.
O-W- -   01121011 E Estimate Folder - Set and Goto Buttons not working
                    See Attached
                    For an order with a set estimate the Set and Goto buttons are not working under the Estimate Fold
                    er under O-W.
                    Example on out system is Order# 201726
O-W- -   01311213 E N-K OEImport   Unattented FTP import of Excel & XML Formats
                    Unattending import of either Excel or XML formated orders.
                    The N-K-1 OEIMport will house the needed information to define the format and where to store the 
                    incoming data.
                    
                    View Control Character Value  = House the DISK DRIVE LOCATION for incoming files 
                    View Form Character Value      = House the Customer Code and File Format = UPS.
                    
                    Therefore when theView Form  character value = Premier this will be the UPS that will be stored i
                    n the View Control character value.  This will dictate the Login, FTP and Order Import format.  
                    
                    YSK:  This task imports all Excel(CSV) files from NK-Oeimport folder in batch mode.
                                And create orders same as task 11041107
                    
O-Z-1-   02041302 E New Toggle Box:  Print Quantity Available
                    Toggle Box:   Comments
                    Toggle Box:   Print Qty Available 
                    Either Comments or Qty Available will print as the last column.
                    
                    This will print the I-F-1 Inventory Field Quantity Available file will print.
                    The Comments Line will be replaced when printing the Qty Available.
                    
                    Please note, this will no provide any calculation based on release dates.
                    If there are 5 releases for the same item, the Quantity Available will print the same Qty Availab
                    le for each line..
                    
                    
                    (Do not proceed unless Yoosun take 2 weeks or more)
                    (This will be done by Yoosun and combined with Prystup OZ1 Mod unless he cannot deliver)
O-Z-1-   02071301 E New Selectable Fields Windows with Column Sequence Selection
                    Customer Desires to Select Fields currently printing on Report.
                    Existing Print ranges, Release Status Selection and Sort Opitons will remain the same.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 231

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    PRINT OPTIONS section will be Replaced with a new Window allowing each user to select the fields 
                    to print.  Once the fields are selected, the column sequence can be selected.
                    Existing Fields on the Report are as follows.
                    Ordered Date and Order #  
                    Release#, Release Date and Release Status
                    Customer PO#  (This should be 15 characters)
                    Job#
                    Finished Goods Item Code
                    Customer Part Number
                    Vendor Code
                    Board Vendor PO#
                    Board Receipt Qty
                    Machine Routing
                    Qty Ordered, Qty Completed, Qty On Hand, Qty Shipped, 
                    New Field = Qty Available
                    Style
                    Comment
                    Ship To City
                    
                    Effectively, the user will be able to change the report output wthout additional programming cost
                    s in the future.   
O-Z-1-   04171415 E N-K Reports = OZ1  - DEFAULT Button
                    N-K-1 Reports.
                    New View Form = OZ1
                    
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when OZ1 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
O-Z-1-   08051003 E Add toggle box to report to include jobs.
                    The O-Z-1 report will show items based on the release status.  Add toggle box to show jobs withou
                    t an order number.  This would show all open jobs that do not have an order number
O-Z-1-   09091408 E N-K REPORTS  OZ1 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 REPORTS.  Business Forms   -  OZ1  Logical Value = Yes
                    New Available Column Fields.
                    Under O-U-1.
                    Release Tab
                    Ship Notes.
                    
                    New Fields to print the Ship Notes by Release
                    Ship Note 1,    This will print the 1st  Line of Notes
                    Ship Note 2     This will print the 2nd Line of Notes
                    Ship Note 3     This will print the 3rd  Line of Notes
                    Ship Note 4.    This will print the 4th  Line of Notes
                    
                    
                    Please note,
                    Notes cannot fit on this report so Excel Output may be the best output option.
                    
                    
O-Z-1-   11011203 E Add the customer name to the Excel spread.
                    Add customer name to each line of the report when output to Excel.
                    Not sure what the file name needs to be to pull in customer name
                    
                    ( c:\tmp\r-fgpstall.csv ) -  this is what I?m using.
O-Z-1-   12121305 E N-K REPORTS  OZ1 Logical Value = YES
                    See Attached.
                    REPORTS.  Business Forms   -  OZ1  Logical Value = Yes
                    The O-Z-1 screen shows toggle boxes to print Comments, Style and Test.
                    The Button SELECT COLUMMS was to replace all field printing options.
                    1)  Remove Toggle Boxes under Print Options
                    2)  The Comments was moved to the Available Fields to Select.
                    30  Add Style and Test should also be Available Fields to Select.
                          The I-F-1 file shows the Style for the Finished Goods Item.
                    4)   Add Test to Available Fields to Select Columns button.
                           The Test is from the M-F  Raw Materials for the Material Type =B for Board.
                           The Job File will have the Board Material.
                            The M-F-1 or M-F-2 will show the Test.
                    5)  Report now prints Job Qty.
                    6)  Add Qty On Hand to the Available Fields to Select Columns Button.
                    7)  Field Order# / Job# should be separate Fields on the Select Columns Button.
                          Order# will be one field    (The job shows the Order#)
                          Job# will be a Separate Field  (The order shows the Job#
                    
                    For example, print FG item ATT-2297  
                    There will be a Grand Total On Hand on the Inventory Tab.
                    On the Bin/Jobs Tab there will be On hand for Each Job.
                    
O-Z-2-   02181101 E Add column to report.
                    Add column for both folding and corrugated to designate which orders have pushpin attachments.  C
                    olumn should be placed at the end on the right.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 232

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
O-Z-2-   04051013 E N-K UnAppJU2 log = yes  Report to show approved Jobs as YES
                    This report now shows if the factory ticket was printed Yes/NO
                    
                    1)   Add Radio button set showing Approved Jobs or Printed Ticket.  
                          Printed factory ticket will work using the current logic.  If approved jobs is selected the
                    n       show the following
                    2) The current heading shows Ticket Printed, when box is check this will show Approved Jobs
                    3)  If the Job exists in J-U-2, this will show the user ID that approved the Job under Approved J
                    obs.  If the order was added, but the job has not been sent to J-U-2 then this will show a NO
                    under the Approved Job Label.  The current user ID on the order will not change under any mode.
O-Z-3-   10081414 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = O-Z-3 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (O-Z-3) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8) Remove Toggle Boxes  that select fields to print.
                         Add all fields on the toggle box as available fields. 
                    
                    
O-Z-4-   10081415 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = O-Z-4 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8) Remove Toggle Boxes  that select fields to print.
                         Add all fields on the toggle box as available fields. 
                    
                    
O-Z-5-   04151302 E OZ5 - New toggle box - Use Invoice
                    Currently, the OZ5 report will utilize the costs per item specified in OF7.  
                    If the base cost is not locked, Update Base Costs will pull from the last Cost for the FG Item.
                    
                    This mod will add a check box to the OZ5 report called "Use Invoice Costs".
                    When Use Invoice Cost Toggle Box is Checked, the report will use the costs on the invoice for ite
                    ms in the O-F-7 Tabel that ARE NOT Locked.  If the FG item is locked in OF7 then the cost will pu
                    ll from O-F-7.
O-Z-5-   10081416 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = O-Z-5 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (O-Z-5) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8) Remove Toggle Boxes  that select fields to print.
                         Add all fields on the toggle box as available fields. 
                    
                    
O-Z-6-   10081417 E N-K Reports Business Forms.  Char Val = O-Z-6 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter O-Z-6) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8) Remove Toggle Boxes  that select fields to print.
                         Add all fields on the toggle box as available fields. 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 233

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    
O-Z-7-   10081418 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Val = O-Z-7 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8) Remove Toggle Boxes  that select fields to print.
                         Add all fields on the toggle box as available fields. 
                    
                    
O-Z-8-   04221011 E Warehoused Items to Print WHSE Shipto
                    When the MANAGE Warehouse toggle box is checked on the order line item, the ship to on the OZ8 Ho
                    ts List3 by Open Order will print the WHSE for the shipto code from customer X = LoyLange.  When 
                    the Manage Warehouse field is checked, the program will print the WHSE warehouse.
                    
                    When this field is uncheck, the shipto will continue to print as normal from the RELEASE folder.
O-Z-8-   09151416 E N-K CustomerList- New Hots List (OZ8) Customer List Selection
                    New N-K CustomerList
                    Logical Value = Yes, activates new toggle box option within OZ8 called "Use Defined Customer List
                    "
                    This will disable the customer range parameter (Begin Cust to End Cust).
                    When run, the report will be printed, only for those customers that are specified within the Cust
                    omertList ViewForm with:
                    1) Character Value = "OZ8" or Character Value = <blank> (applies to all reports)
                    2) Logical value set to YES.
                    
                    Additionally, if the customer field in the View Form is left blank, the User's Customer List will
                     be included in the defined list (N-U, Customers Tab).
                    
O-Z-8-   12040908 E Copy OR16 Creation of new hots list - Open Orders Report
                    Attached are the notes/instructions on how we would like a Hots report created for us.  This uses
                     O-R-16 as the base form and changes from there.  Please provide a quote on this as soon as possi
                    ble so we can review and send over the approval so this can be created as quickly as possible.  
                    
                    
                    O-Z-1 has the Board and Machine Routing Information.
                    O-R-9 has the MSF information
                    
                    The orders will sort by JOBS DUE DATE,
                    This will print the Due Date with Underline accross the page.
                    Then list all the line items matching that due date.
                    
                    Each Day will have a Grand Total of MSF.
                    
                    This should show only open jobs
                    
O-Z-9-   05031101 E OZ9  Add columns to export to Excel ONLY.  (Original Task 01171102)
                    Copy changes to OZ9  then Restore OR8 to Previous Original Version .
                    The Job FG item line will have the Order Number from O-U-1.   
                    If report is too wide for printer, make output will (only) output to Excel.
                    Column Headings:
                    PO# -   (Toggle Box determines which PO# from Order)
                    Order#/Job#
                    * Customer P/N 
                    FG Item#
                    *Item Name
                    Order Date
                    Order Quantity
                    *Qty Short  = Order Qty - Order Qty Shipped - On-Hand Qty All Jobs - Total Jobs Balance for All O
                    PEN Jobs     (Job Balance = Job Qty - Job Qty Received  (If Negative set to Zero)
                    
                    Test with Order 201928 for FG Item ATT-2297  with quantity of 500,000,, Shipped 40,000
                    Jobs W2297-8, W2297-7 and Job W2297-6  (See Attached OZ9 JobExample.bmp) 
                    Jobs Qty Total 250,000.   Receipts are 140,000.
                    Formual is 500,000 - 40,000 - 100,000 - (250,000 - 140,000) = 250,000 Shortage
                    
                    JOE April 17th
                    *Qty Short  = Order Qty - Order Qty Shipped - On-Hand Qty All Jobs - Total Jobs Balance for All O
                    PEN Jobs     (Job Balance = Job Qty - Job Qty Received  (If Negative set to Zero)
O-Z-9-   10081420 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Val = O-Z-9 Logical Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (Enter Hot Keys Here) 
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 234

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove all Toggle Boxes from Legacy Report that Print selected Fields
                         The Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    3) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    5) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    6) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    8) Remove Toggle Boxes  that select fields to print.
                         Add all fields on the toggle box as available fields. 
                    
                    
P-M- -   06301002 E Request for more customizable security. N-K TSTIMEB Log=yes time alway
                    Customer set up security in Add-Ons Program Master to Stop update capability on the Machine Trans
                    action screen.  This also blocks updates on the Job Data update screen (see attachments).
                    
                    N-K TSTIMEB Log=yes time buttons always enabled.
P-O- -   02151202 E PO export interface More ADDERS  (CorrChoice PO 190902957 @ $150/Hr)
                    PO export interface problem with Adders.
                    See Attached.
                    See Last Email. Premier PO# 93795
                    
                    Add all 6 Adders to Export File
                    Add another line to the specification.  
                    Send a blank line if there are no adders and pipe delimit the adders within the line. 
                    
                    We've run into an issue at Premier with board grade modifiers.  Premier sent an order to Multicor
                    r that contained a 35# CW/KLA upgrade, however that information doesn't appear anywhere in the B2
                    b file.  This is our fault as we didn't entirely understand the board adder feature when developi
                    ng the original B2b specification.  I've attached screen shots of the order and included the B2b 
                    file for reference if helpful. 
                    
                    1. How many possible adders can there be on an order with your system? 
                    2. What do you think about adding another line to the specification for adders and pipe delimitin
                    g the adders?  For example CW 35# with 33L would be passed as CW 35#|33L 
P-O- -   06281207 E Resize Project PO & DC
                    Resize Project
P-Q-1-   02221203 E Add shipto to PQ1 & PU1 browser screen
                    Add two new columns with a yellow heading called Shipto Code and Name.
                    Pull this from the PO View Screen.
                    Change both the PQ1 and PU1 browser screens.
                    
                    
                    Reason for Logic
                    When the PO is normal the shipto is always the box plant.
                    However, when the PO Type is a D for Drop Ship changes.
                    For ASI the vendor is Progress, but the shipto will be the ASI Customer.
                    Every PO shows Progress so we cannot see who is the end user for the PO.
P-R- -   05261013 E New Report Request (P-R-13)
                    Customer requests quote for a custom Board/Paper To-Order Report.  Columns should include:  Job I
                    D, Board Code, Sheet Width, Sheet Length, Sheets, LBS, and LF.  The report should include only OP
                    EN jobs that DO NOT have board/paper already allocated (see attachment). 
                    
                    Criteria 
                    From Job   to Job
                    Toggle box  open/closed/both
                    from job start date to job start date
                    
                    (AH) written on the attachment 
                    - breakdown by form number
                    - open jobs that dont have stock issued or allocated to them
P-R-1-   04011301 E N-K Report View Form = PR1   Add W & L to User Selectable Fields
                    Convert  P-R-1 report to User Selectable Columns by User ID.
                    Sort Options will remain the same.     
                    Print Selections Ranges will remain the same. .
                    New Fields for Selection to Report
                    1)  Width       (From P-U-1 Items Screen)
                    2   Length     (From P-U-1 Items Screen)
                    
                    Existing Fields are as follows:
                    Customer#, Order#,  Machine#, Vendor#,  PO#, Due DATE, FG Item#,   RM Item#, MSF Due,  Cost Remai
                    n, PUom  (Purchased UOM),   CUom  (Consumption UOM)
                    P Qty Ordered,   This is the Purchased Unit of Measure from PO Line 
                    P Qty Ordered,   This is the Purchased Unit of Measure from PO Line 
                    C Qty Rcvd,         This is the Consumption Unit of Measure from PO Line 
                    C  Qty Rcvd         This is the Consumption Unit of Measure from PO Line 
                    MSF Ordered 
                    MSF Received
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 235

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Please Note
                    PO Browser shows Ordered and Received in Both Purchased and Consuption UOM
P-R-1-   04171416 E N-K Reports = PR1  - DEFAULT Button
                    N-K-1 Reports.
                    New View Form = PR1
                    
                    New DEFAULT button.
                    This will set the fields to print to the original report when PR1 Logical Value = No.
                    Same Order as the Original Report.
P-R-1-   06151015 E Request to add new column to report.
                    Request for new column on the P-R-1 report (Sheets on Order) to be titled Machine.  
                    This should show the machine that pulls onto the hard copy of the purchase order 
                    (see attached).  
                    Also would like to be able to sort this report by machine or due date (add radio set)  and have t
                    otal by machine or due date and grand total.
                    Currently their PO form shows the machine from the job file on the PO.  (See Attached)  
                    They would like this machine to print on the P-R-1 report.  Also add hot keys P-R-1 to the header
                     of the report.  
                    This could require truncating columns (truncate custom/vendor name).
P-R-1-   08191305 E PR1 Report - New User Selectable Fields  Job#
                    P-R-1 Sheets Ordered Report User Selectable Columns by User ID.
                    Add Following New Fields:
                    
                    Order#        = This is listed on the P-U-1 Items Tab
                    Job#            =This is listed on the P-U-1 Items Tab
                    Job's Due  = Print J-U-1 Due Date which is a Database Field for Jobs without orders.   
                    If Job has a Customer Order# then Print the O-U-1 Items Due Date for the Finished Goods Item
                    
                    If Job does not have a customer order# then the J-U-1 Due Date is Used. 
                    However, a Job may be for customer Order with many Finished Items and the job may require many Pu
                    rchase Orders for each Sheet / Form on the job.  Therefore, the Job# and Form# on the Vendors Pur
                    chase Order on the Items Tab of P-U-1 must be used to match the Form# of the Finished Goods Item 
                    on the Jobs Browser of J-U-1.  Once the FG item is matched, then the program will find the Due Da
                    te from the O-U-1 Items Tab for that FG Item.     
                    
                                           
                    
                    
P-R-1-   08251005 E Modifications to current PR1 Report.
                    1) Add "Vendor Name" as an additional sort option.
                    2) Add a toggle box to allow the report to include sheets already received (show closed POs).
P-R-1-   12311303 E PR1 Report - New User Selectable  Grand Totals by Column
                    P-R-1 Sheets Ordered Report User Selectable Columns by User ID.
                    See Attached.
                    
                    Change Logic for Grand Totals.
                    This now prints the Label and Totals.
                    Remove the Lables and print each Grand Total under the Correct Column.
                    
                                           
                    
                    
P-R-1-0  11201408 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value PR10  Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (P-R-10)   
                    Receipts Overages for Credit Report  
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
P-R-1-1  11201409 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value PR11  Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (P-R-11)   
                    PO's Vouchered by FG Category Report  
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
P-R-1-2  01111301 E Bill of Materials Report - Add Customer Part# and Cad#
                    Bill of Material Page to print per Job.  
                    Under the Finished Goods Item Summary Section
                    
                    1)  Add Cad# to right of Case Size.  (Reduce Case Size Label to save space)
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 236

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    2)  Add new Toggle Box:  Print PO#   ______   Print Cust Part#  _______.
                          If Cust Part# is checked, this will replace the PO# field.
                          Both fields are 15 characters in the database.
                          Hopefully PO# was printing 15 characters prior to this mod.
                    
                    Note Spacing issue.
                    Please note Customer Part# can be up to 15 Characters
P-R-1-3  06231007 E New Column to be added to report. ($75 and hour)
                    Customer forgot a column on the original report request (task 06211002).  Needs Due Date to print
                     next to the Job ID.
P-R-1-3  06281001 E Printed Literature jobs not included on report.
                    When the item.mat-type eq "P", this is not showing on the report but should.
                    Printed Literature Jobs need to be included on the report.  These are jobs that start with the pr
                    efix "P".
P-R-1-3  07121001 E New column to be added to report. $75 an hour
                    Customer requests "Customer ID Column" to be added to PR13 to the right of the "Due Date" column.
P-R-1-3  07191001 E Add toggle box for Net sheet size from job file to report $75 an hr
                    Add toggle box for  Net Sheet Width & Length that is on the estimate and Factory Ticket to this r
                    eport??
                    
                    Currently, the report shows the net sheet size.  Add radio set to show either the net sheet size,
                     or the gross sheet size.  Gross sheet size will be in the job file under material tab.
                    
P-R-1-3  11201411 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value PR13  Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (P-R-13)   
                    Board / Paper to Order Report  
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
P-R-1-4  03211102 E Copy PR2 (Schedule Receipts) and Re-name
                    NEW REPORT:  Scheduled Receipts with Outstanding Orders  Copy PR2 
                    Example report was done in Excel - see attached.  
                    Add Beginning and Ending Receipt Date to Print Selection Parameters.
                    Add Toggle Box called Posted which will also print posted receipts for the receipt date .  
                    (Currently, they drop-off of the PR2 once they are received and posted unless another shipment is
                     due).
                    
                    COLUMN HEADINGS:  (In Capital Letters).
                    
                    ITEM NO/FG ITEM - For RMs, this should list the RM# with the FG# for the corresponding job below 
                    it (there may be more than 1 FG).  For FGs, this should list (just) the FG#.
                    BIN:  Use the Bin Location from MF1 or IF1.
                    
                    ITEM NAME/ON ORDER FOR - Print Item Description and the customer names with open orders for the i
                    tem listed below the item.   "Board Only" For RMs, list the customers with open orders that requi
                    re the RM to manufacture the resulting FG product: (Board Only)  Or; for FGs, list the customer n
                    ames for those with open orders that the item is on.  
                    
                    VEND#/CUST# - Print the Vendor# for the PO and list the Customer # for the Orders.
                    
                    PO#/ORDER# - Print PO# and list Customer Order#s below.
                    
                    UOM - Unit of Measure
                    
                    BALANCE DUE - Balance due on POs and Orders (PO quantities not yet received and Order quantities 
                    not yet shipped. Order quantite not yer shipped - This would need to look at open orders for the 
                    item being shipped.  Take order quantity - release quantities with a status of "Z" or "C" and lis
                    t the remaining quantity to be shipped.  PO's simply list the amount not yet received.
                    
                    QTY RECEIVED - PO Quantity received.  This should show any quantities received against the PO for
                     the parameter received dates indicated?whether PO is open or closed..
                    
                    REQ DATE:  Required Date from POs or Orders.
                    
                    CARRIER:  Carrier on PO.
                    
                    JOB NO/SIZE:  Job# on PO with board size (when applicable) below it.
                    
                    
                    COLUMN HEADINGS AND VENDOR INFO SHOULD NOT BE IN ITALIC AND SHOULD BE IN A LARGER FONT THAN CUSTO
                    MER INFO.  CUSTOMER INFO SHOULD BE ITALICIZED.
                    
                    
                    
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 237

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
P-R-1-4  11201412 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value PR14  Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (P-R-14)   
                    Scheduled Receipts with Orders Report  
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
P-R-2-   04141404 E N-K Reports  View Forms = PR2  Convert to User Selectable Reports
                    See Attached.   NK1 Reports Convert to  User Selectable Fields.
                    
                    1)  Add new Button called DEFAULT.  This will move all the fields used on the original report to 
                         the right Columns in the exact order as the original report.
                    
                    2)  Add new Toggle Box Optiions called 
                         PO Types:   ___  Regular   ___  Drop Ships   ___ Sheeting
                         The PO Type is on the PO View Screen.
                         Only PO Types selected will appear on the Report.
                    
                    3)  Add all existing fields to User Selectable Columns 
                    4)  Add column to change the print sequence of the the fields.
                          
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 238

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
P-R-3-   05011203 E Purchase Report Print Selection by BUYER ID.
                    Add From Buyer ID ____________     To Buyer ID  ________________
                    
                    This will print only purchase orders based on the Buyer ID on the PO View Folder.
                    
                    On Output to Excel, add a new column called Buyer
                    
                     
                    
P-R-3-   11201402 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value PR3  Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (P-R-3)   
                    PO FG/RM History Report
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
P-R-4-   11201403 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value PR4  Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (P-R-4)   
                    Materials Required by Job Report
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
P-R-5-   07251403 E N-K Reports  View Form = PR5    Logical Value = YES
                    Convert PR5 to Report Writer.    All fields for all toggle boxes should be available.
                    DEFAULT button to transfer existing fields to Selected Columns.
                    Retain same Print Parameters
                    Retain same Toggle Boxes.
                    
                    Available Fields
                    PO #
                    Vendor
                    Job # 
                    Item #
                    Due Date
                    Received                                 =  Report Column Heading = Rec Date
                    MSF
                    Vendor $
                    Bought $
                    Diff $
                    Material Price Variance %   =  Report Column Heading = MPV % 
                    Overrun %                                  = Report Column Heading = Overs%
                    Adder code1
                    Adder code 2
P-R-6-   11201404 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value PR6  Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (P-R-6)   
                    PO Vendor Analysis Report
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
P-R-7-   11201405 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value PR7  Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (P-R-7)   
                    PO Receipts not Vouchered Report
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 239

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
P-R-8-   11201406 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value PR8  Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (P-R-8)   
                    Shipment Approval Report
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
P-R-9-   02241201 E PR9 Report to Print P-U-1 Name and Descripton Fields
                    Item name and Description on P-U-1 can be changed.
                    The PR9 is now pulling this description from the I-F-1 file.
                    This data should be printed from the P-U-1 Items folder.
                    
                    Print PR9 for PO 101705
                    Check Open PO.
                    The Item name print RSC Item Name.
                    The PO shows
                    RSC 8x8x8 For Order XXX
                    this is the correct decription.
                    
                    (3/12) Pat - PO 101830 shows FG COLSCOFG003 with Item Name = Red Pen Box.  IF1 shows the item nam
                    e was updated to Red Pen REV.  PO kept the original Item Name, but the Receipt screen shows the u
                    pdated Item Name from the IF1 file.  This is not correct - see attachment.  PR9 correction is don
                    e.
                    
                    Sewa did the PR9 portion of this task.  Stacey did the receipts modification on task 03131201.
P-R-9-   03131201 E PR9 Report to Print P-U-1 Name and Descripton Fields
                    Item name and Description on P-U-1 can be changed.
                    The PR9 is now pulling this description from the I-F-1 file.
                    This data should be printed from the P-U-1 Items folder.
                    
                    Print PR9 for PO 101705
                    Check Open PO.
                    The Item name print RSC Item Name.
                    The PO shows
                    RSC 8x8x8 For Order XXX
                    this is the correct decription.
                    
                    (3/12) Pat - PO 101830 shows FG COLSCOFG003 with Item Name = Red Pen Box.  IF1 shows the item nam
                    e was updated to Red Pen REV.  PO kept the original Item Name, but the Receipt screen shows the u
                    pdated Item Name from the IF1 file.  This is not correct - see attachment.  PR9 correction is don
                    e.
                    
                    Sewa fixed PR9 so task was copied to 03131201 for Stacey to do the receipts screen modification.
P-R-9-   11201407 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value PR9  Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (P-R-9)   
                    PO FG/RM History by Customer Report  (similar to PR3)
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
P-R-9-   12101006 E Add Due Date to the print parameters.
                    Add from Due Date _________  To "Due Date" ______________  to the print selection parameters unde
                    r the Begining Receipt Date on the PR9.  
                    Also Print "PR9" in the heading at the top of the report.
                    
                    Only items within the selected due date should print.
P-U-1-   01041203 E Add PO for Case should allow Cost UOM = M
                    Add PO for C20x20x24 
                    Add quantitiy of 5000 and cost of $300  per M.
                    Currently only EA is valid.
                    Add option for M.
                    See Attached.
P-U-1-   01181011 E N-K AP GL# = Expense/Vendor
                    N-K AP GL# = Expense/Vendor
                    Add PO to Import GL Expense GL# from FG Product Category
                    RM Board Expense GL#   (raw materials expense general ledger account number) 
                    This field is used for Finished Goods with Jobs.  
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 240

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    The purpose is to have the same board material have different GL expense acccounts based on the p
                    roduct category.  Therefore, stock boxes vs. custom boxes vs. displays vs partitions may have uni
                    que expense accounts.
                    
                    The software will find the finished goods item on Job, then find the Product Category for that it
                    em.  When new RM Board Expense GL number exists, this will transfer to the purchase order line fo
                    r the board material.
                    When adding a Purchase Order for raw material type B (Board) or P (Paper) or F (Foam), the new RM
                     Board Expense GL# will transfer to the PO Line.
                    For example, when the Buyer creates a PO for 200 C for Job 201750.
                    The program will first search the FG item on this Job for this sheets form.
                    The program will then search for the new RM Board Expense GL# in the product category file. If a 
                    GL number exists, then this GL# will become the default GL# for this PO Line for this board.
                    
                    If this RM Board Expense GL# is blank, then the existing logic will occur.
                    The existing logic is based on the N-K-1 AP GL# character value.
                    Most often this is defined as expense account.  This will then find the raw material expense acco
                    unt from the raw material material cost type file under M-F-3 and then this GL# to the purchase o
                    rder.  If the character value is Vendor, then the GL# from the Vendor File will transfer to the P
                    O Line.
                    
                    FG COGS Expense GL# 
                    (finished goods cost of goods sold general ledger account number)  
                    This field is used when adding purchase orders for purchased finished goods items.  If the FG COG
                    S GL# expense number is defined, then this number will transfer to general ledger account number 
                    of the purchase order.  If this account number is blank, then the software will pull from the gen
                    eral ledger account number from the vendor file.
P-U-1-   01311212 E N-K POPRINT = Protagon and Protagon2
                    N-K-1 POPrint = Protagon and Protagon2
                    All notes entered in the Pen Icon of PU1 should print on the POs.  
                    This may require a 2nd page.  
                    
                    N-K-1POPrint = Protagon2.   Remove Adders from Print Out.
P-U-1-   02081305 E Add PO for Raw Material.   F1 Lookup to Match M-F-1 Lookups
                    Add new line item.
                    Select Raw Material.
                    On Selection Screen attached, this only shows SORT By Item# and Item Name.
                    Add Radio Buttons to Sort by.
                    
                    1)  Mat'l Type
                    2)  Product Category.
                    
                    The M-F-1 Browse Screen has all four sort options.
                    The P-U-1 should match the M-F-1 sort options.
P-U-1-   02171001 E Add PO to Import GL Expense Account from FG Product Category
                    1)  Add two new GL account fields to Finished Goods Product Category File
                          a)   RM Board Expense GL#  (Same size as exisiting GL# with F1 Lookup)
                          b)   FG COGS Expense GL#   (Same size as exisiting GL# with F1 Lookup)
                    
P-U-1-   04181310 E Add columns to PU1 Excel output report
                    Add a column called "FG Item # From Job":
                    If the PO has a Job number, access that Job and pull in the first FG Item# from the job.
                    (Premier example: Ect 32 C is the board, job number is 357575-00.  )
                    
                    Add a column called "Customer # From Order":
                    If the PO has an order # (as in a drop-ship),  display the customer # from that order.
                    
                    
P-U-1-   07071109 E PO Item Folder Scores Button to Import Blank Length Scores.
                    New Button to Load Length Scores
                    Click SCORES Button See Attached    Test with ASI PO# 101646 or PO#  101559
                    1)  Add New Button called IMPORT LENGTH.     
                          This is short for Import Blank Length Score Panels.
                          When pressed, update the existing DB field called PO-ORDL.Spare-Char-1  with the      Chara
                    cter Value = LENGTH
                        The label for this new field will be called Corrugated Scores:  
                         This will be added on the SCORES button Window.
                    Currently, when adding a PO, the software imports imports the WIDTH score panels from the Estimat
                    e SPEC folder.    This New button will import the Blank Length Dimensions from the SPEC folder.
                    To SEE BLANK LENGTH SCORES
                    Click E-C to access corrugated estimating.
                    Click the SPEC folder.
                    Click the OVERRIDE button.
                    Click the Bottom Blank Length and the box panel score sizes will display.   
                    This is the data that will be transferred by the new IMPORT LENGHT Button. 
                    Each panel along with the score type will transfer to the SCORES folder on the PO Line Item.    
                    
                    Scores Button when changed will compare Total of Size of all Scores to the Total Width Dimension 
                    on the PO Line.     New Logic will check the New DB Field = Length.   
                    If PO-Ordl.Spar-Char-1 = Length, then the software will compare the total scores to the the PO it
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 241

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    em line LENGTH.      If the total of the panels does not equal the PO Length, the program will pr
                    ompt to update PO Length.   Yes will transfer total size to Length.  NO will not transfer.
                    
P-U-1-   07241402 E N-K POPRINT= PROTAGON2 (additional characters added to Ext Cost and su
                    Find attached PO (POPRINT=PROTAGON2)
                    
                    Increase size of Ext Cost and sub total fields to accommodate large costs.
                    
                    Print ASI PO# 102634
                    Cost is 99,123 Each but Extended Cost and Grand Total will not print.
P-U-1-   08291407 E Add AutoFind by Job#
                    See Attached.
                    Click P-U-1
                    Find PO 102742
                    Click ITEMS tab.
                    Add new Radio Button at bottom called Job#.
                    This will allow searching a line item by Job#.
P-U-1-   10141005 E Purchase Orders on Hold based on Dollar Value
                    New Vendor File Field called Max PO Cost:  $999,999,999
                    If field is over ZERO, the maximum dollar amount cannot be exceeded when adding a purchase order.
                       They may  enter $20,000.   If a P.O. exceeds $20K, the P.O. would go "on hold" and not be prin
                    ted till approved.
                    
                    New Field is vend.rebate-%.
                    
                    We have a work instruction that stipulates that purchases over $20,000.00 (with the exception of 
                    board & capital expenditures) must have management approval.   This would help the CSRs to rememb
                    er (as you know the orders are always rush), also insure that A/P has a handle on large expenditu
                    res.
                    
                    Also,  add PROGRAM MASTER security for the HOLD / RELEASE button in the P-U-1 screen.
                    v-pohold in program master, update section.
P-U-1-   10211415 E ITEM Tab:  WildCard Search on AUTOFIND on GL#
                    Add   *WildCard* Search to AutoFind by Description.
                    CLick P-U-1
                    Click ITEMS Tab.
                    Click UPDATE button.
                    Press F1on GL# field.
                    
                    Click Radio Button = Description
                    Type *Expense* in AutoFind
                    
P-U-1-   11021206 E Delete PO Line 4 Real Material to Update RM On Order Qty ($20,000 Cont
                    New prompt to renumber the internal line number of each PO Line.  
                    For example, an existing purchase order with 3 items may be copied, however if the first and thir
                    d items are deleted, the remaining item has a line number of 2.  
                    If PO has not been printed, 
                    Delete button will prompt to renumber, which would change this to line 1.   
                    Emphasis on NOT PRINTED.
                    
                    Please note, a printed PO most likely was already sent to the vendor.
                    Therefore, the vendor may have entered the order with the existing LINE number.
                    That is a critical number for bar code receipts and CAN NOT be changed if the PO had been printed
                    . 
P-U-1-   11021210 E Copy PO via the COPY Button on PU1
                    COPY button on PO currently copies all data from existing PO including the old Order number.
                    The Order Number and Old Customer Code are listed on the ITEMS tab.
                    New logic will show list of open Customer Orders for this FG Item Code for Customer listed on the
                     ITEMS tab.  This search will only shows open orders for the existing customer.
                    For example,  Copy ASI Purchase Order Number 101705
                    This has FG items 6x6x6x and 8x8x8.
                    The PO Line shows the Customer and Old Order Number on Each PO Line.
                    If we copy this PO we want to select new open order numbers.
                    
                    Please note, an existing PO may have many FG Items that must be copied, therefore the 
                    popup must show all FG Items on PO that have existing Customer and Order Number.
                    
                    Logic is only invoked when
                    Existing PO is for FG Item and Item Tab has an order number.
                    Then, the a popup selection box will show Open Orders for same Customer for that FG Item 
                    Popup will list
                    Finished Goods Item, Customer Code, Open Order Number, Order Qty.  
                    They will select one of the Order numbers on the Popup.
                    Once this is updated and saved, this will be transferred to the new Purchase Order.
P-U-1-   11021213 E Excel Icon On PU1 with Toggle Box to Output Fields   ($20,000 Cont)
                    P-R New Report  
                    Copy O-Q-1 Print Icon Logic
                    Customer wants a list of Purchase Orders not Printed.
                    This will show a list of purchase orders with status not equal to P.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 242

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    New Icon will show Print Selection Range to Output to Excel.
                    The Print Selection Ranges will default from the PO Browser similar to O-Q-1.
                    All Fields will be listed on the P-U-1 Browser plus the Printed Status Field.
                    All Fileds will have a toggle box next to the field to include or exclude from the Output.
                    
                    Once selected, the data will export to Excel.
                     
                    
P-U-1-   11031104 E N-K POFARMOUTSCORES  Download Scores for Farm Outs
                    N-K-1 POFarmOutScores.  YES will download Scores to the PO Item Scores Button.   
                    Old Logic, the Score Allowances for Farm Outs Finished Goods Boxes is not automatically downloade
                    d.  It logic only exists for Raw Goods Board Material for a Job.
                    Once the Scores are downloaded to the PO, they will print on the PO Form.
                    Logical Value = YES then ADDING a new FG Item will check the I-F-1 Item file to see if an  
                    estimate exists for the item.  If an estimate exists, the program will transfer the scores to the
                     Scores button of the PO Item Screen. 
                    
                    If the logical value = NO then the scores will not be downloaded when adding a PO for a finished 
                    goods item.   
                    
                    In addition, the P-U-1  SCORES Button must be modified.   
                    If the Scores button is clicked the program will prompt to import scores from estimate?   
                    This logic will be modified for finished goods items on the PO so program will verify esitmate ex
                    ists for the item then import the scores from the estimate.
                    
                    The exising logic looks in the job file to find the estimate.
                    This new logic must look in the finished goods item file to find he estimate.
                    Add PO for Item 8x8x8  (See Email).
                    Estimate is defined on the finished goods item screen.
                    The Scores for this esimate are on the SPEC folder. 
P-U-1-   11181313 E Purchasing -  Add *Wildcard* Search* by Vendor Name
                    Click in Vendor#  Field at  Top of Browser.   Press F1.
                    Click in AutoFind Box at the bottom of the Browser.
                    At Bottom of search, click in Vendor Name Field.
                    
                    Add search functionality that will allow user to search items for any text that would be containe
                    d in the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    Search with *..........*   to search item names.
                    
                    For Example.  
                    Search for Board and this will search for only records starting characters =  Board.
                    New Logic.
                    Type  *Board*  
                    This will find all Vendors with the characters = Board 
                    
                    Please Note,
                    Search without the *    *   will continue to search only the 1st letters of the records.
P-U-1-   11181314 E Purchasing -  Add *Wildcard* Search* by FG Item Name
                    Click in FG / Item#  Field at  Top of Browser.   Press F1.
                    Click Finished Goods
                    Click in AutoFind Box at the bottom of the Browser.
                    At Bottom of search, click in Item Name Field.
                    
                    Add search functionality that will allow user to search items for any text that would be containe
                    d in the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    Search with *..........*   to search item names.
                    
                    For Example.  
                    Search for Box and this will only search records beginning with Box..
                    New Logic.
                    Type  *Box*  
                    This will find all Finished Goods Items with the characters = Box
                    
                    This will work exactly like the search in I-F-1 on the Item Name. 
                    
                    Please Note,
                    Search without the *    *   will continue to search only the 1st letters of the records.
P-U-1-   11181315 E Purchasing -  Add *Wildcard* Search* by RM Item Name
                    Click in FG / Item#  Field at  Top of Browser.   Press F1.
                    Click Raw Materials
                    Click in AutoFind Box at the bottom of the Browser.
                    At Bottom of search, click in Item Name Field.
                    This MUST Search for Records in both M-F1 and M-F-2 by Item Name. 
                    
                    Add search functionality that will allow user to search items for any text that would be containe
                    d in the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    Search with *..........*   to search item names.
                    
                    For Example.  
                    Search for Board and this will only search records beginning with Board..
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 243

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    New Logic.
                    Type  *Board*  
                    This will find all Raw Materials Items with the characters = Board
                    
                    
                    Please Note,
                    This MUST Search for Records in both M-F1 and M-F-2 by Item Name. 
                    Search without the *    *   will continue to search only the 1st letters of the records.
P-U-1-   11181316 E Purchasing -  Add *Wildcard* Search* by Job Number
                    Click in Job #  Field at  Top of Browser.   Press F1.
                    This only shows Job#, Run#, Estimate# and Approved/ Printed.
                    Add fields,  FG Item#, Customer Part# that are displayed on the J-U-1 Browser. 
                     
                    Click in AutoFind Box at the bottom of the Browser.
                    Add Search Option by FG Item#.
                    
                    Add search functionality that will allow user to search items for any text that would be containe
                    d in the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    Search with *..........*   to search item names.
                    
                    For Example.  
                    Search for Box and this will only search records beginning with Box.
                    New Logic.
                    Type  *Box*  
                    This will find all Raw Materials Items with the characters = Box
                    
                    
                    Please Note,
                    Search without the *    *   will continue to search only the 1st letters of the records.
P-U-1-   11261401 E New Toggle Boxes   ___Open  ___ Closed  and  ___ Paid ___ UnPaid
                    See Attached for PO# 102766.
                    The View PO Status = U,   There are 2 Items and 1 is Open and 1 is Closed.
                    
                    1)  Change  Label from  Open PO   to    ___ UnPaid
                    2)  Change Label from   Closed PO to   ___  Paid 
                    3)  Place the  ___ Paid    ___ UnPaid   toggle boxes on the top.
                         The existing Open PO and Closed PO looks at the Status on the View PO tab.
                         Changing the Labels to Paid and Unpaid is a better description of the logic.
                    
                    4)  Add new Toggle Box called  _____  Closed
                         This will display  only Line Items with a status of C for Closed.  
                    5)  Add new Toggle Box called  _____  Open  
                         This will display  only Line Items with a status not = C for Closed.
                          For example, status N for New,  Open,  U=Updated,  etc are all Open.
                    6)  Put the  ___ Open   ___ Closed   toggle boxes directly under the ___ Paid  ___ Closed.
                    
                    All four Toggle Boxes will work together to Limit the Lines that are displayed on the PO Browser.
                      For example, on the browser
                    Type PO# 102766, Click Unpaid and Chick Open    and only Line Item 1 will Display.  
                    Type PO# 102766, Click Unpaid and Click  Closed and  only Line Item 2 will Display.  
                    Type PO# 102766, Click Paid and Chick Open    and nothing will Display.  
                    Type PO# 102766, Click Paid and Click  Closed and nothing will Display.  
                    
P-U-1-   12041405 E PU1 Excel Icon PO Date is Printing Due Date
                    Excel Icon.
                    Add Print Parmeter Range  From PO Date _______    To PO Date ________
                    Save Print Parameters by User ID.
                    
                    
P-U-1-   12131304 E Purchased FARM OUTs for Jobs
                    Purchase Orders for FG Items that are Components of a SET.
                    For example, Estimate 11623 for Job 207419 has 1 Farmed Item and 2 Manufactured.
                    For example, Estimate 11524 for Job 207197 has 1 Farmed Item and 2 Manufactured.
                    Add PO for Item Miller 44 which is a Farm Out.
                    Job# will validate against FARM tab on J-U-1 File.  (F1 on Job# will show Valid Job#)
                    S/B will validate against FARM tab on J-U-1 File.
                    PO Quantity will Transfer from Farm Tabs MRP Qty
                    PO Line Item will write Customer Code from Job File SET Item
                    PO Line Item will transfer Cutomer Order Number from Job File Set Item.
                    
                    
                    SAVE on PO LIne will update the Job File Farms Tab including:
                    Vendor PO#,     
                    Vendor PO Qty, 
                    PO UOM,             
                    PO Cost               
                    PO Setup              
                    Total Actual Cost,   (Extended PO Cost)
                    Actual Cost/M          (Extended PO Cost / 1000  
P-U-1-   12261301 E N-K POPaperClip  Integer Value to Copy Attachments to PO PaperClip
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 244

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    See Attached:   
                    This modification will  eliminate the steps on the HELPDESK Attachment that shows the steps to at
                    tach a file to a PO.   
                    
                    Integer Value = 0   The Current Logic that forces the user to Manually COPY attachments to the PO
                     from the attachments defined in the paper clip icon in finished goods file via the I-F-1 menu ke
                    ys.  This requires more steps, however this provides the option to select specific attachments.
                    
                    Integer Value = 1  Automatically, COPY attachments to the PO ITEMS tab Paper Clip Icon from the a
                    ttachments defined in the paper clip icon of the finished goods file via the I-F-1 menu keys.  Th
                    is will copy ALL attachments defined on Paper Clip.  Automate and force the system to attach file
                    s to any PO created if the item has an attachment.   We will eliminate 5 steps and this will insu
                    re if there is a file attached to the item it gets sent every time to the vendor.
P-U-3-   01121012 E N-K POPRINT = CCC
                    Please see attached sample and specification for mods to PO.
                    Please refer to sample PO 30253.
                    Xprint now prints W and L based on material type and new form will do the same.
                    (1) Change column to "Due Date" 
                          Print  Line Item due dates in the (new) Due Date column beside the Item 	
                    (2)  Width and Length fields will only print for specific material types.
                           B=Board will print W:        L:
                           C= Case will print  L,  W   D      
                    (3)  For Raw material types 5 & 6 (Layer Pads, Dividers and Trays) 
                           Print L:     W:     D:
                    (4)  For Raw material type = P (Paper)
                           Print Width
                    (5)  Print Overrun% 99.99 Underrun%  99.99 under the W:  and L:  Field
                    (6) ESP - Modified PU1 to show LWD for types 5 & 6.
                    
                    D = LW
                    
P-U-3-   02201301 E PO email   Add PO# to Subject Line
                    See Attached.
                    Add PO# to Subject Line
P-U-3-   02211302 E N-K POPRINT = Hughes (Copy PremierX)
                    Copy PremierX PO format and rename it Hughes.
                    Replace Premiers logo with Hughes logo.
                    See Attachment for logo.
P-U-3-   02281109 E N-K POPRINT = Protagon  (Copy PremierX and Make Changes)
                    See attached.
                    1)  Copy PremierX and name new form Protagon
                    2)  Add Protagon Logo to Top Left of Form  (From IMAGES file)
                    3)  Add new words top of form "see attached.
                          change the font size for the "Purchase Order To" and "Ship To" section on their PO.
                    4)  At Bottom, add electronic signature (Copy Logic from N-K-1 PoPrint = FibreX)
                    5)  At Bottom, add Words under the Totals Box.  (See Attached)  
                          Do not add Box around bottom left words but print in BLOCK format.
                    6)   Change the Section called Our Item, Description, Vendor ID to following:
                           Item Description / Vendor Item# 
                           Line 1 =  Print Item Name  (Field Name is item.i-name)
                           Line 2 =  Print desc              (Field Name is item.i-dscr)  
                           Line 3 =  Vendor Item#       (Field Name is po-ordl.vend-i-no)
                    7)  Purchase Order Notes (from View Item Folder Fountain Pen) to print after last line item 
                          Skip 1 line below Item Description/Vendor Item #
                          This should print up to 6 lines  
                    8)  Spec notes (Book Icon per PO Line Item)  to print under "Item Description/Vendor Item#"
                          Copy Logic from N-K-1 PoPrint = Xprint
                    9)  Purchase Orders for Finished Goods Item Codes may have the Order Number Entered        on the
                     PO Line  (See Attached PO for FG)   This order number will print under Job # column.
                    10)  Vendor notes for group PO to print on PO (same as fibre)
                    11)   Under Extl Cost: Remove Ext MSF from Heading and remove each PO lines Ext MSF .
                    12)  Copy logic for printing Notes from Paper Clip Icon from to work like N-K-1 POPrint = FibreX.
                    
                    
P-U-3-   03151104 E N-K POPRINT = Protagon
                    ASI Sample PO:  101427.   
                    See BOTTOM
                    Excemption is misspelled.  This should be Exemption
                    
P-U-3-   04121202 E N-K POPRINT = PremierX
                    Remove the Fax# and the message, "Please acknowledge receipt and that pricing is correct on this 
                    P.O."  - see attachment.
P-U-3-   04191108 E N-K POPRINT = PremierCX (Copy PremierX)
                    Create new N-K-1 POPrint = PremierCX 
                    Copy from PremierX
                    Change Fax to:  (630) 694-3869
P-U-3-   04301407 E N-K POPRINT=ACPI 6 digit PO# with leading 0
P-U-3-   05131104 E N-K POPRINT = Protagon
                    Make the following mods to PO:
                    This is for board PO's
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 245

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    If mat-type "A" and (item.ven-item) NE to "" then print (item.ven-item) 
                      else print (item.ven-item) from mat-type eq "B"
                    1) Make logo 25% larger.  done
                    2)  Only print the first adder on estimate Layout Folder by Form.
                         - do not print more than one adder on po
                    3)  Remove Ontario Retail Tax Section (see attached). done
                    4)  From Vend Cost Matrix.
                         The vendor item number by Vendor Code should print under the column called itemnumber.      
                    Protagon enters their board combination in the vendor item# (item.ven-item).  
                         If there is an adder, instead of printing the board vendor item#,  print the Vendor item# fr
                    om           the first adder raw material code.  
                         If the adder vendor item number is blank, then print the raw material board vendor item#. 
                         (This logic is for the first adder on the PO only)
                    5)  The adder will still print in the proper location, but only print the first adder.  
                          If multiple adders, do not print the other adders.
P-U-3-   05141006 E N-K POPRINT = 16th's
                    Modification to PO to add CUSTOMER NUMBER under the column headings LINE QUANTITY UOM and OVER/UN
                    DER RUN and then print the Customer# from the PU1 Item Folder there (under the over and under %?s
                    ).  See attachment.
P-U-3-   05211004 E N-K POPRINT = FIBREX - changes to the PO.
                    1) Please send me a quote to have these changes made to our existing purchase order.
                    Please see attached file.  Move lines on the po as example shows.
                    2) Customer requests that Adders print in the same order as they appear on the Estimate Layout Fo
                    lder.  IF the job folder and the layout folder are in a different order then print from the layou
                    t folder.
P-U-3-   05251104 E N-K POPRINT = PeachTree (Copy XPRINT and re-name)
                    Copy N-K-1 PoPrint = XPRINT (This is Same as PremierX) and rename to Peachree with the      follo
                    wing changes:
                    1)  Do not print "Change Order" on reprints
                    2)  Remove "Changed Date" field (upper right-hand corner).
                    3)  Adder Column -  Adders currently prints only the RM Item Code.   
                         Change this to print only Item Name.
                         Expand the "Adder Column" to 20 characters by decreasing the "Description Column"
                         1st Adder will print after RM Item code.  2nd Adder will print after Item Name, 3rd adder wi
                    ll print after description 1, etc.  
                    Hence, each field under the Description Line must be reduced.
                         The Adder Name from the layout screen of the estimate will print  (see attachment).
                    4)  Change "Our Item/Description/Vendor ID"  field to "Description".  
                          Reduce characters by Number of Characters Increased in Adder Field.
                        For RMs, Columns under this field include:  RM Item, Item Name, Descr 1, Vendor Item#, W, L
                    5)  FG Item#, Cust Part#, Item Name, and Desc 1 from "View Item Folder.  For FGs,
                          this should include Item # and Name (see attachment).
                    6)  "Job#/Fm#" Heading should line-up evenly with "Due Date".  
                           The info that prints in the column should also line-up evenly.
                    7)  RMs that are not Material Type "B" should NOT print W:, L:, MSF, Flute or Test fields and
                    8)  FGs should not print W:, L:, or MSF (see attached PO sample).
                    9)  Add Peachtree Logo to Top Left of Purchase Order Form.
                    
                    Please note,  N-K-1 POPrint = Xprint has the logic by material type.  
P-U-3-   05281407 E N-K POPRINT = PremierCX - Copy PremierXFGItems and change logo
                    Copy the existing PremierXFGItems format to PremierCX format (already exists).
                    Use the logo from the current PremierCX format on the newly copied format.
                    Do not change PremierXFGItems format at all.
                    Ensure that PremierCX logo that is used, displays the fax number that begins with 630.
                    
P-U-3-   06111404 E N-K KIWI =  TriLakes   IP Address has changed by 5 Star Sheets
                    /**************************************************************/
                    Client has to set NK1 KIWI character value to TRILAKES
                    /**************************************************************/
                      The Vendor ID # will be 20211 (which is trilakes id)
                      FTP to ftp.fivestarsheets.com <ftp://ftp.fivestarsheets.com/>  that way if the ip address ever
                        does change it would still work.
                    The username and password for the ftp connection is listed below:
                     Username = customer
                     Password = custom3r
                    
                    
                    Contacts 5 Star Sheets, Sara Johnson 574-654-8058  saraj@fivestarsheets.com
                    Rodney Reynolds is the Kiwi contact.  He works mostly from home.
                    rodney.reynolds@kiwiplan.com
                    ----------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    Basically ASI needs to change the edi address for five star sheets from
                    216.117.9.77 to ftp2.fivestarsheets.com.  
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 246

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
P-U-3-   06271104 E N-K POPRINT = SOULE  Changes by Material Type = C  ($75per Hour)
                    Attached is Soule Purchase Order format.
                    
                    1) Raw Materials Material Type = B
                         Only material type = B will print Setup Charge
                         No other material will print Setup Charge
                         Only material type = B will print Total Sq. Ft:
                         No other material will print Total Sq. Ft:
P-U-3-   06301105 E N-K POPRINT = Protagon
                    Make the following mods to PO:
                    This is for board PO's
                    1) Remove the "Changed Order Only" that prints
                    2) Remove the "Changed Date" that prints
                    3) Can you add a solid line between Line items so it separates items better.
P-U-3-   07241203 E N-K POPRINT = SOULE
                    Make following modifications (ASI sample is attached):
                    1) Print the Vendor's Phone# and Fax# below their "Purchase Order To:" address.
                    2) Only print the Vendor Item# in the "Item#:" field.  Stop printing it on the line above this.
                    
P-U-3-   07251104 E N-K POPRINT = Peachtree (More Changes)
                    1. Remove Over/Under% from column heading "Quantity Over/Under%".
                    2. Do not print the Over/Under%s in this column.
                    3) In "Cost" column, do not print Open, Updated, etc.  Only print the cost in this column. 
                    4) Finished Goods need to print The FG#, Cust P/N, Item Name, and Description 1.
                    5) Do not print Grand Total MSF (at bottom).
                    
                    This form was originally created with task 05251104.  See attachment.
P-U-3-   07301201 E N-K POPRINT = ACPI   (Impossible to Quote as Adder Item is not on PO)
                    PO Book Notes Print for RMs on the PO.  
                    However, if the RM is an adder, the PO notes for the adder also need to print - see attached.
                    
                    
                    The RM Item code for the ADDER is not on a purchase order line.
                    Therefore the Book Icon would be impossile to tag to that item.
                    Customer must put the notes for the adder on the book Icon for the Board Material.
                    The only RM item on the PO is the board material.
                    
                    
                    Please note, SPEC Notes can be added for Adders.
                    However, Spec notes would be for every purchasse order for that Adder.
                    This mod would require a new Toggle box to print SPEC Notes for ADDER ?
                    
                    Please advise if that logic would work?
P-U-3-   08041405 E N-K POExport = CORRCHOICE   Char Value = Bell  **INV &PAID by Freedom
                    N-K-1 POExport = CorrChoice    Character Value = Bell
                    V-F-1 Vendor code for CorrChoice will have POExport Field set to CorrChoice
                    N-K-1 CorrChoice Description Field = Houses the Folder to Store Text files. 
                                For Example,  Z:\rcode\CorrChoice  
                                Customer will create folder on Z:\Rcode\CorrChoice\DataXfer\In
                    Includes:
                    1) Programming to customize data export
                    2) Configuration
                    3) Generation of test files
                    
                    Does not include:
                    1) Generation of any "translations"
                    
                    Please FTP the file(s) to                                                               
                    FTP: edi.schwarzdata.com
                    Username: FrdmBell850
                    Password: QNB5xtnnFF
                    
                    Contact: Elaine M. Crane,  Freedom Corrugated, LLC
                    P (570) 384-7524     F (570) 384-1144
P-U-3-   08201007 E N-K POPRINT = CentBox
                    Customer wants option on the parameter screen to pick "Print 3 Lines of Description".  Currently,
                     their form causes this to be greyed-out (see attachment).
P-U-3-   08211402 E N-K POPRINT = PremierX,PremierXFGItems,PremierCX to Print Cust Shipto
                    Print Customer Shipto Notes that normally print on a Bill of Lading to print on the Premeir Purch
                    ase Order Formats.
                    
                    When the PO Type = D for Drop Ship
                    The shipto can be to a Vendor or to a Customer.
                    When Shipto is Customer, a Shipto is selected on the P-U-1 View Form Screen.
                    
                    A-F-1 Customer Shipto will have Notes defined in the Customer Shipto File.
                    This Customer Shipto Notes will print on both Premier PO Formats.
                    The notes will print at the bottom of the page with the VENDOR Notes.
P-U-3-   09211011 E N-K POPRINT = CentBox
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 247

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Customer wants option on the parameter screen to pick "Print 3 Lines of Description".  
                    Print from the P/O.
P-U-3-   09251306 E N-K POPRINT = PremierX - Change logo file
                    POPRINT=PremierX
                    Logo file changed to images\premierx.jpg (this has a correct fax number).
                    
                    Note:  POPRINT=PremierCX and PremierXFGItems should not change and keep using images\premiercx.jp
                    g and images\premierpo.jpg respectively.
                    
                    Premier will provide the updated premierx,jpg image file with the correct fax number.
                    
P-U-3-   10041302 E N-K POPRINT = PremierCX, PremierXFGItems - Form changes
                    Changes for All 3 formats - 
                    N-K-1 PremierCX is for other Materials 
                    N-K-1 PremierXFGItems  is for Finished Goods Items
                     1) Remove decimal places from Qty field in 2nd column.  
                          Quantity Field should allow 9,999,999.
                    
                    Changes for N-K-1 POPrint = PremierCX and N-K-1 POPrint = PremierXFGItems:
                    2) Remove whs/bin display (labels and values) from 2nd column.  
                        This only prints on repeat items but remove it regardless
                    3) Add vendor item number next to vendor ID.  
                        Bug: Vendor id does not print even though header description says so.  
                    4) Add Label  Cust PO#:  next to Premier order number.  
                         Pull the Cust Purchase Order# from the O-U-1 View Order Screen
                    5) Add Terms and conditions at the end of the Purchse Order From
                        To the left of the totals box:
                         Acknowledge this order verifying price, freight terms, quantity and delivery date.  
                         Invoices will be paid to this purchase order only.
                    
                    See attachment for clarity.
                    
P-U-3-   10261012 E N-K POFMT=Fibrex print e-mail from user file if PO box checked
                    Currently the phone and fax numbers print if the P.O. Box is checked under N-U.  Also print the e
                    -mail address if the P.O. Box is checked under N-U.
P-U-3-   10291404 E N-K POPRINT = PremierXFGItems,PremierX & PremierCX - Add CP#
                    This mod applies to purchase orders for Finished Goods only.
                    Add a line under the FG Item # that shows the Customer Part # for the FG Item.
                    Change the header to be "Our Item/CP#/Description/Vendor ID/Vendor Item#.
                    
                    Ensure that the page breaks correctly with the additional printed line and that the information t
                    o the right of the description column still prints on the second line (Ext. MSF for instance).
                    
                    This must be changed on all 3 of Premier's PO formats.
                    
                    Please note.
                    Stock Items may have unique Customer Part#'s for a stock item.
                    For example.
                    FG item 8x8x8 and have many Customer part#'ss on the I-F-1 Totals/CP# tab.
                    To Test, Print PO# 102750   
                    The correct Customer Part# for customer HEW1000 is HEW-8x8x8
                    The I-F-1 Totals/CP#  shows this in the Matrix for HEW1000.
                    The PO ITEMS tab shows the Customer Order number which links the Item to the Customer.
P-U-3-   10311103 E N-K POPRINT = ACPI
                    Change PO Form per attachments.
                    1) Change Column Heading
                    2) First Line of Description currently prints the Finished Goods or Raw material Item Code.
                    3) Next line, Add Finished Goods Customer Part # under the Item code.
                         Please note, if PO Line is for Raw Goods, there will not be a Customer Part Number.
                         There fore, this change is strictly for Finished Goods Items.
                         The customer Part Number will transfer from the O-U-1 Order number defined on the PO      Li
                    ne.   If the order number is blank, then pull the customer part number from the I-F-1 Item File.
                    
                    All other lines will continue to print under the new field.
P-U-3-   11021205 E N-K POPRINT = PremierX  ($20,000 Contract)
                    PO Paper Clip Icon - $800
                    New Toggle box called ___ Email Attachments.  
                    When emailing a purchase order, this will add the attachments on the paper clip icon for the item
                     on the purchase order.   
                    
                    Currently, the finished goods item file has a paper clip Icon that allows attachments such as a L
                    oad Tag and a Cad Design file, however, this data does not automatically transfer to the PO. Pape
                    r Clip.    
                    
                    A new lookup will be added to the PO Paper Clip to import the attachments defined on the paper cl
                    ip icon of the finished goods file to transfer to the paper clip of the PO.   
                    This will allow the buyer to import only the attachments that they want to email. 
                    
P-U-3-   11151106 E N-K POPRINT = PROTAGON2
                    Prior to copying the existing Protagon PO to accomplish this task, tasks 11151107 and 12151107 ne
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 248

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    eds to be completed.  It is for mods to the original PO. 
                    
                    Complete task# 11151107 (this stopped working as of 12/15/11 (FIXED, BJ)
                    1)  N-K-1 PO Print - Protagon 
                         When changing PO to print Length Scores -  (The SCORES button will be set to Length)
                         Print the word "HOR"  before the word score.
                    2)  N-K-1 POPRINT = PROTAGON2" 
                         Copy existing PO form  "PROTAGON" and call new form "PROTAGON2"  
                         Add F1 Lookup on the VIEW FORM tab.
                         This will give the user the ability to choose the PO form by vendor.
                         Change new form to STOP printing the Flute and Test for board material.  
                         Add 2nd line of description to print under 1st line of description (see attachments).
                         Also when printing sheet size, print in fractions.  
                         The Fraction Table is Attached.  
                         The PO sheet width and sheet length numbers to the right of the decimal will be converted to
                          to the fraction.   
                    For example,  25.125  will be converted to 25-1/8
                    For example,  25.25  will be converted to 25-1/4
                    For example,  25.50  will be converted to 25-1/2
                    For example,  25.75  will be converted to 25-3/4
                    
P-U-3-   12021001 E N-K POPRINT = SOULEMED (Copy ACPI and Modify)
                    Copy ACPI PO form with the following modifications:
                    1) Use attached logo.
                    2) Change column headings to "Line", "Our Item/Description/Vendor Item", "Quantity", "UOM",
                        "Cost", and "Extended Cost".
                    3) Change what prints under "Terms and Conditions" to:  Please acknowledge this order
                         verifying price, freight terms, quantity, and delivery date.  INVOICES WILL BE PAID
                         ACCORDING TO THEIS PURCHASE ORDER ONLY.  If no prices are on this order,
                         please provide current pricing.  No partial or back orders without our permission.  Prices o
                    n
                         this order are firm unless notified otherwise.
                    4) Do not remove the last line:   "____________________Please initial and fax to "Buyer".", but
                         move it so it skips a line and prints below the info below (in step 5)
                    5) Skip a line and add the following to print below the "Terms and Conditions" (in Step 3):
                              * Deliveries accepted 7:00 a.m. - 3:30 p.m.
                              * Mark all units with purcase order number and quantity.
                              * If delivery date cannot be met call (813) 907-6002
                              * or FAX (813) 907-6092
                    
                    (see attachments)
P-U-3-   12021003 E N-K POPRINT = SOULE (Copy SOULEMED and Modify)
                    Copy new PO created on task 12021001 and modify with:
                    1) Attached logo.
                    2) Phone Number at the very bottom should be (813) 907-6031 (fax stays the same).
P-U-3-   12031403 E N-K POPrint = Boss  (Copy Xprint)
                    TOP LEFT
                    1.	Add Boss Logo
                    2.	Remove Boss Litho wording
                    3.	Remove space after street address.
                    4.	Remove Email
                    TOP RIGHT
                    5.	Remove Changed Date
                    MIDDLE
                    6.	Remove FOB, Ship Via & Freight
                    7.	Remove Over/Unders, UOM, Vendor ID, Adders
                    8.	Remove Grand Total MSF
                    BOTTOM
                    9.	Remove Terms & Conditions
                    
                    
P-U-3-   12051405 E N-K POPrint = Boss
                    Center heading information. See attached file for changes on centering.
                    
P-U-3-   12191204 E N-K POPRINT = PremierX  ($20,000 Contract)
                    NK1 POPrint  = PremierXFGItems - $600
                    New PO business form for purchased finished goods.   
                    Copy PremierX
                    1)  Remove adder field column to make more room for that item name and description fields.   2)  
                    Remove Job Number, Form Number, Width, Length and MSF.  
                    3)  Remove the Grand Total MSF and blank lines.
                         This will save space to more items may be added to each page, thus saving money and       im
                    proving the appearance of the PO.
                    4)  If Customer Order Number Exists on ITEMS Tab.
                          i.e. Items purchased specifically of an existing customer order, 
                          the program will pull the customer order number from the line item of purchase order and   
                        print this word Order#: 99999 under the description fields.  
                          This will save wasted time of adding notes to show the order number.   
                          The new PO Form may be assigned to specific vendor such as Sealed Air.   
                          Existing vendors such as GP will continue to receive the existing PO Format.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 249

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    
P-U-5-   10151403 E N-K JOBCARDF = Keystone
                    We have a situation where we have 100up of a small card. The top portion of the factory ticket is
                     correct but the description info doesn't have enough space. 
                    Increase the PRINT and CUT areas to 3 characters each? 
                    
                    To Test
                    Reprint ASI Job# 208028
                    See ?????? that print on the Report
R-C- -   04301001 E Customer List Report pick customers by module they purchased
S-A- -   01201407 E N-K Reports - Need to Auto Create  (See Attached)
                    N-K Reports    View Business Forms 
                    ASI Test has all valid Menu Options.
                    
                    When running Report, if option does not exist on N-K-1 Reports, program will add.
S-B- -   01181304 E SB Excel Output - Add Pop-up notes
                    Add SB Job Popup notes to he Excel formatted reports.
                    
                    Ron to provide details if necessary.
S-B- -   03091301 E Add Notes to Excel Output Option
S-B- -   03121408 E Add Mat Type 'A' (adders) to available fields
S-B- -   04261002 E New Fields on SB
                    Customer Request:
                    Can we add fields that are in ASI for reporting and sort options. For example, on the printed lit
                    erature side of our business, we would like to be able to see the "Gross Sheet: Length" field fro
                    m the estimate, which is attached to the job.  
                    
                    ASI Response.
                    Please provide list of fields requried so we can quote one modification.
                    
                    Please note, 
                    ASI does not reccommend the Gross Sheet from the estimate.
                    Its possbile to change the board in the Job file which would be different from the estimate.
                    Same is true for corrugated, ink codes, etc.
S-B- -   05190902 E SB First Machine Date to Update Job Start Date
                    First Machines Start Date should be same as the Job Header Job Start Date.
                    Schedule Board Changes that change the first machines start date should always update the Job Hea
                    der Job Start Date.
                    
                    The first machine would always be First Machine for Form 1
                    
                    ESP - This might be already done, ask me or Joe to see if this was done.
                    Joe-  This logic exists in job file but not updated via SB.
S-B- -   05311306 E Add auto loading Hold flag status
S-B- -   06041302 E SB: added ability to track HOLD flag and auto set during load
S-B- -   06081206 E SB Update v2.004
                     v2.004 (updated 6.8.2012)
                     * allow resource change for pending job
                     * correct set load of fg item
                     * correct set load of po qty rec'd
                     * correct due date filter
                     * set job to pending if any dates blank
S-B- -   06081207 E SB Update v2.004
                     v2.004 (updated 6.8.2012)
                     * allow resource change for pending job
                     * correct set load of fg item
                     * correct set load of po qty rec'd
                     * correct due date filter
                     * set job to pending if any dates blank
S-B- -   08151401 E SB enhancements
                    ability to use skip line on job text and tooltip
S-B- -   08181403 E Add No of Cases as available field to Schedule Board
                    Add new field in SB.
                    Field is No of Cases.
                    
                    Send Patch to Deploy.
S-B- -   09071401 E Add field Case Name, Film Name and Die Bin.... Report Sort Resource by
                    Add field Case Name, Film Name and Die Bin.... Report Sort Resource by Department
S-B- -   09090501 E New Material Types to Link to Scheduling
                    Schedule Board need integration of all material types similar to how BOARD now  works.
                    N-Z-3 types for plates and dies are below:
                    CONFIG folder in SB has a W/F material types which should update Schedule Board Color
                    W/F Board          (Advantzware Material Type = B)
                    W/F Cut  Die       (Advantzware Material Type = 8)
                    W/F Flat Die         (Advantzware Material Type = X)
                    W/F Rotary Die   (Advantzware Material Type = Y)
                    W/F Plates                 (Advantzware Material Type = 7)
                    W/F PVC or Paper    (Advantzware Material Type = P)
                    W/F Cases               (Advantzware Material Type = C)
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 250

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    W/F Foil                   (Advantzware Material Type = F
                    W/F Glue                   (Advantzware Material Type = G)
                    W/F Foam               (Advantzware Material Type = 1, 2,3 ,4 )
                    W/F Pads                  (Advantzware Material Type = 5)
                    W/F Dividers              (Advantzware Material Type = 6)
                    W/F Wax or Window  (Advantzware Material Type = W)
                    W/F Litho Labels   (Advantzware Material Type = L)
                    W/F Ink                     (Advantzware Material Type = I)
                    W/F Coating             (Advantzware Material Type = V)
                    
                    
S-B- -   09121309 E Add new field Varnish, Correct blank-no in  tooltip, add blank-no job-
                    added new field Varish using material type V
                    added blank-no to load process to affirm job-mch routing order is correct
                    corrected blank-no format to properly display when used in custom ToolTip
S-B- -   09131311 E Improve load process when checking status for receipted materials
                    Improve load process when checking status for receipted materials
S-B- -   10091310 E SB enhancements and bug fixes
                    SB enhancements and bug fixes
S-B- -   11061310 E Correct Excel column order
                    Output of Excel columns was no longer holding to the selected order established by the user.
S-B- -   11061311 E Item Description not populated
                    When a single item rounting is missing job-mch.i-no value, it's description is left as blank.
S-B- -   11121406 E Job by Resource Report printing in Department order... Please restore
                    Job by Resource Report printing in Department order... Please restore to sort order before latest
                     update.
S-B-B-   10061006 E Sharp Shooter New QTY Button on BOL Creation Menu
                    NEW BOL BUTTON  called QTY.   See Attached.
                    This new button will allow user to highlight the line, click Qty and cursor will move directly to
                     this field and User can TYPE QUANTITY.
                    
                    Currently, in Sharpshooter BOL screen, to update a quantity you click the UPDATE button.   This t
                    akes you to Tag# then must tab to each field.
                    
                    1)  Add Icon to Move Columns per User.
                    2)  Line up the Qty fields next to each other.
                    3)  New Button, QTY will go directly to 1st Qty Field. 
                    
                    ESP: Cannot move columns because certain columns have to be before others.  
S-B-B-   10081212 E Sharp Shooter BOL Creation Menu  Show Qty On Hand  ($20,000 Contract)
                    SS BOL Creation Button.
                    Add two new fields to left of the Release Quantity and Scanned Quantity.
                    Qty On Hand:  Job Qty _____  Total  ________
                    Job On Hand Qty  _____  Total On Hand Quantity.
                    
                    Job Quantity On Hand is the quantity from O-U-1 Browser
                    Total Quantity is from the I-F-1 Inventory Folder.
                    This will show the forklift driver that an overrun exists greater than the release quantity so th
                    ey will pull the extra boxes with the original shipment.
                    
                    
                    TO TEST
                    Click SS
                    Click BOL Creation
                    Type Release 5684
                    Scan   ATT-2297       10224
                    
                    New Field must show Job On Hand Quantity and TOTAL On Hand Qty from I-F-1
S-F-1-   05021103 E As FGs receipts are scanned, Sort by Seq# in Descending Order
                    See Attachment
                    Sharp Shooter Finished Goods Receipts
                    As FGs receipts are scanned, Sort by Seq# in Descending Order
                    
                    Add Sequence# to Browser Screen in Sharp Shooter Receipts.
                    Sort by Sequence#.   If you look at I-U-1, there are many sort options.
                    If you click an option such as Sequence, the system will save this option.
                    The next time you access this browser, the records are sorted.
                    
                    Move the sort options on I-U-1 to SS Receipts.
                    Container Service will select sort by Seqence number  but in Descending Order so the newest (High
                    est Number) is at the top.
                    
                    Currently when scanning tags, tags go one under another.  
                    If user changes to Sort by Sequence# this will default to Descending order so that the last tag s
                    can will be on top.     
                    
                    
                    Test with Tag# ATT-2297       10162
S-F-6-   05031003 E Customer Need to edit warehouse/bins in Sharpshooter.
                    Customer needs to modify the warehouse and bins fields for returned FGs in SS.  Also reported per
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 251

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    formance is extremely slow and posting is very slow. 
                    
                    ESP - N-K-1 SSFGSCAN log = yes allows them to modify warehouse and bin fields.
S-F-8-   01021301 E N-K SSPOSTFGCONTAGS Automaticly Posting when Consolidating Tags
                    Copy existing logic from N-K-1 SSPOSTFG  is used for Finished Goods Receipts when Logical value =
                     Yes.
                    
                    N-K-1 SSPOSTFGCONTAGS
                    Logical Value = Yes will Post To Inventory History Immediately.
                    Character value and Integer Value is not needed for this new Logic.
                    
                    When Pressing the Consolidating Tags Button.
                    When saving Post inventory after completing each line.
                    This allows moving inventory from one tag and consolidating to an existing tag.
                    Example:
                    Tag# 10x10x10    0081 Move inventory to tag# 10X10X10       00140 
                    SAVE Button will post same as POST Button.
                    This will allow reusing this TAG to consolidate again and again as soon as one line is entered th
                    is should be posted.
S-F-8-   02261302 E N-K SSPOSTFGCONTAGS
                    When I scan the first tag "from" and scan the "to" tag I get this message now and yes, the "TO it
                    em" will/should be different from the "From item."
                    The message says To Item is different from From Item.
                    
                    ASI Test Works Perfectly
                    I Create Consolidate 
                    From Tag ATT-2297       00017      10 Units 
                    To    Tag# ATT-2297       00010     
                    
                    Please note, if TAG On hand Quantity =ZERO, then I get the Error Message.
                    For example,
                    
                    From Tag# ATT-2297       00017     10 Units to 
                    To      Tag# ATT-2297       00003
                    The TO tag has On Hand Quantity = ZERO I get same Message.
                    I changed the On hand to be Above Zero and Message goes away.
                    
                    This should allow posting to Tag with Zero On Hand
S-F-R-   05171007 E N-K SSFGRETC Log = Yes  Add new field to Returns called count
                    N-K SSFGRETC Log = Yes  Add new field to Returns called count
                    
                    1)  Field called count to work as a physical count processing code (added to return screen)
                    2)  When count is filled in, this will create a transaction in the physcical count processing scr
                    een, once posted will create a physcical count line
                    3)  When posting the returns, this will create a physical count line for those transactions.
                    4)  Physical count Posting report to show a quantity line that will only get populated with the d
                    ifference between what is in inventory, with what is being entered into inventory.
S-F-R-   06101005 E N-K SSFGRETC Log = Yes  Add new field to Returns called count
                    1)  Location changing back to tag location, rather than posting the bin they entered
                    2)  IF the job does not exist, create physical count without job number (cost would be zero)
                    3)  Make sure tag is getting updated when the return is posted and they change the bin location
                          (IC3 changes in separate task).
S-L- -   05011302 E Make Tag Date Editable on Loadtag viewer
S-M-I-   02131202 E N-K SSRMISSUE  Character Value = ScanTagOnly
                    SS Raw Material Issues
                    New ADD Button Logic.
                        Automatically Import Job# and other Data fields via ADD BUTTON 
                    
                    Character Value = Spaces or JobRequired.   This will be the existing logic whereby the user will 
                    be required to enter the Job# and Quantity after scanning each raw material tag the program will 
                    move cursor to the Job# then to the Quantity field, then save the record and prompt for next tag#
                     and repeat this sequence.
                    
                    MOD Follows:
                    1)  Copy POST button from Sharp Shooter Receipts  to Sharp Shooter Issues.
                    2)  New Character Value = ScanTagOnly    When issuing raw material tags to job, the users must sc
                    an the tag then manually enter the job#.   Once this line is saved, the system prompts for the ne
                    xt raw material tag#.    The new logic will only require scanning the tag number for successive p
                    allet tag.   The job number will transfer from the previous line.   Scanning the tag will import 
                    the Warehouse, Bin Location, Job Number and Quantity for the scanned tag, then SAVE the line and 
                    prompt for the next Tag.      This process will repeat all pallet tags are scanned for this job t
                    hen the user clicks CANCEL to exit the Update mode.
                    
                     
                    ADD Button initially will always will work as the Character Value = JobRequired.
S-R-1-   04021312 E Don't check for blank ending date/time when running TS DC in SB load
S-S- -   01191333 E SS Receipts Add USER ID to Browser
                    Addon Menu 
                    Sharp Shooter Menu
                    Sharp Shooter Receipts Browser Screen shows User ID created and Last Updated.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 252

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Sharp Shooter Count Goods  Browser Screen shows User ID created and Last Updated.
                    Sharp Shooter Delete Goods Browser Screen shows User ID created and Last Updated.
                    Copy same fields to Addon Sharp Shooter MOVE Button.
                    Copy same fields to Addon Sharp Shooter TRANSFER Button.
                    Copy same fields to Addon Sharp Shooter RETURN GOODS Button.
                    Copy same fields to Addon Sharp Shooter CONSOLIDATE Button.
                    
                    
                    SHARP SHOOTER ICON.
                    There are separte Programs for the Icon,
                    The screen has consolidate Buttons that fit the Hand Held Computer.
                    This is the menus used by Premier Pkg Tablets
                    All browsers for all Buttons should have User ID Created and Last User ID Updated.
                    So Addons should Match the Heldheld Screens.
S-S- -   01191334 E Sharp Shooter Post Button Security
                    Security for program = fgpstall
                    This is the POST buttons in Sharp Shooter.
                    FG Receipts
                    FG Move
                    FG Returns
                    FG Counts
                    Post Menu
                    
                    Security for Program Master for Title Post Finished Goods.
                    Same Securiity for I-U-5 should work for POST Button and POST menu in Sharp Shooter.
S-S- -   01211408 E Add F1 to lable path when transferring goods
                    See Attachment
                    1.  Open the Sharpshooter icon.
                    2.  Click Finished Goods
                    3.  Click Transfer Goods
                    4.  Put in a tag and then you have to change the transfer quantity to a lower one to get the pop 
                          up.
                    
                    Add the F1 look up to the Label file so you can search for the file location.
S-S- -   02071104 E N-K SSMOVEFG    Adding moving function
                    Character Value = FG Lot# This will be Current Logic. Will prompt for Whs/Bin and then FG Lot#
                    Character Value = Whs/Bin this will only prompt for Whs/Bin  then go to the next line.
                    Please not Warehouse and Bin are two fields represented by one Bar Code.
                    Our software scans the bar code and loads both fields simultaneously.
                    
                    To Test.  
                    Click SHARP SHOOTER,  click  Finished Goods,  Click Transfer Button.
                    Scan Tag# ATT-2297       10065
                    Note Cursor Movement.  
                    Cursor moves from Units to Partial to Whse to BIn Location.
                    
                    For Move Button.
                    Moves from Whse to Bin Location to FG Lot#.
                    Scan Tag# ATT-2297       10117  (If this is not posted.)
                    Otherwsie create new LoadTag via O-U-1 for any order for FG Item ATT-2287.
                    Cursor moves from Units to Partial to Whse to BIn Location.
                    N-K-1 SSMoveFG  set post finished goods logical value to NO
                    
S-S- -   02111002 E N-K BOL Button to Prompt for Underrun
                    Sharp Shooter Bill of Lading Creation.
                    Print BOL Button Prompt If the Scanned QTY in under the Release Qty? 
                    Add similar Prompt for Underrun as Overrun.
                    Currently, if the release is 250 and you scan 225 and press Print BOL a dialog box will prompt.
                    "The scanned qty does not match the release qty", Do you want to proceed?  - YES or NO  There is 
                    already an alert when you exceed the release qty.
                    
S-S- -   02151108 E SF4 report to be the same as IR2
                    Addons Icon.
                    Sharp Shooter Module
                    Finished Goods
                    Count Goods
                    Post Button to add new fields per attachement.s.
                    Add customer part # and selling price to Post Button.
                    
                    Joe 2-28-2011
                    (see attached file called Sharp Shooter Post Counts)  
                    The Sharp Shooter Icon must also be changed.
                    This is a slightly different program than the ADDON Icon that was already modified.
S-S- -   02191002 E RM Issues to Allow Changing UOM to Convert to Consumption UOM
                    Sharp shooter raw material issue issue raw material to a job.  
                    The system does not allow them to modify the UOM.
                    Under M-U-2 if you add Issue for Item SBS18-24.5 for Job 100316.
                    The UOM and quantity can be changed.
                    Once changed, the system will convert the quantity into the RM consumption UOM.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 253

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    ASI Response
                    Move the M-U-2 Logic for Update UOM to SS RM issues UPDATE BUTTON.
                    Issue ASI RM Item SBS18-24.5 for tag# 01003150030000002 to ASI Job 100316 for item Att-2297.   Th
                    e entire roll tag is issued and line item is saved.
                    This is the normal process.
                    To issue a partial roll or pallet,
                    The UPDATE Button must be selected to change the quantity and UOM to EA.
                    Tab through the fields.
S-S- -   03091003 E FG MOVE Button - POST Button to Post by LAST User ID only
                    SHARP SHOOTER POCKET PC ICON.
                    N-K-1 FGReceipt Character Value = LoadTag.
                    N-K-1 SSPOSTFG character value = Blank and Logical Value = NO.
                    The above parameters create the FG receipt when the loadtag label is created.
                    This is normally done by the user at the banding machine, for example JOE..
                    Next, another user on a forklift will move the pallet to a warehouse location, for example TOM.
                    
                    The SS finished goods receipt and move menu buttons update the same data file.
                    The SS Receipts or Loadtag Creation update the Entered User ID.
                    The SS MOVE MENU BUTTON currently updates the last user id of the file.
                    The SS POST MENU button uses the user ID that entered the transaction.
                    The SHARP SHOOTER POCKET PC Icon has a POST Button on the MOVE MENU screen that MUST USE the last
                     user ID.   
                    
                    Currently the forklift man has trouble posting because the user ID is wrong.
                    Tom only wants to post his transactions after the MOVE.
                    He does not want to post Joes receipt transactions because the inventory is a bin location yet.
S-S- -   03091004 E N-K SSMOVEFG   MOVE Button - POST Immediately
                    N-K SSMOVEFG   MOVE Button - POST Immediately
                    N-K-1 FGReceipt Character Value = LoadTag.
                    N-K-1 SSPOSTFG character value = Blank and Logical Value = YES
                    The above is used for SS Receipts to Post Immediately when line is saved.
                    Copy this Logic to the new parameter:
                    N-K-1 SSMOVEFG character Value = Blank and Logical Value = YES.
                    
                    The above parameters create the FG receipt when the loadtag label is created.
                    This is normally done by the user at the banding machine, for example JOE..
                    Next, another user on a forklift will move the pallet to a warehouse location, for example TOM.
                    
                    Once forklift operator scans the warehouse and bin, the line will immediately post.
S-S- -   03091005 E SS UPDATE RELEASE MENU (Must Apply delta_asi_1000_05.df)
                    New SS Menu button called  Update Release.
                    See Attached.
                    
                    Premier runs 3 shifts and a single bill of lading can have 40 pallets.
                    Loading 40 pallets may take 1 hour to load the truck and may overlap shifts.
                    Currently, the BOL Button cannot be exited without erasing all the scanned pallets.
                    
                    New Logic, but first SAVE the transactions when exiting the BOL CREATION Screen.
                    There may be mulltiple releases and many tag numbers for each release.
                    This data file may be saved by Internally Generated Number.
                    Most often, there will only  be one release.
                    
                    New Menu UPDATE RELEASE.
                    Will prompt to scan the Release number.
                    This will then display the same screen as the Unposted BOL Creation File.
                    This will display all unposted Tags for that release and other release and tags in that same file
                    .
                    
                    See Attached.
                    
S-S- -   03131405 E Add Tag Number to the Popup Warning Message  - already in LIVE
                    See attached file.
                    Sharp Shooter Transfer Goods.
                    Change the FROM location to a new Location.
                    Post Transfer, when the From bin of an entry has changed, it gives you that error message. 
                    If the tag number was there you would know which entry was the issue. 
                    Sometimes you have multiple entries of the same item from the same location but don't know which 
                    tag has the issue. 
                    
                    MOD.
                    Add Tag# to the Error Message.
S-S- -   04071002 E SS Receipts and Move to have Lot# Field   ($75/Hour via Task# 03311011
                    New field called FG Lot# added to I-U-1 (Task# 03311011) must be added to Sharp Shooter FG receip
                    ts and Move Button.  
                    Add as last field on screen.
                    
                    04/12/10 (AH) as per BJ, on all screens(IU1 and SS) validate FG Lot# can be entered when Tag# is 
                    filled.
S-S- -   04081307 E SS Column Improvement for Forklifts
                    Addon Menu and Icon for Sharp Shooter should Match
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 254

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Sharp Shooter Receipts.
                    Sharp Shooter MOVE Button.
                    Sharp Shooter TRANSFER Button.
                    Sharp Shooter RETURN GOODS Button.
                    Sharp Shooter CONSOLIDATE Button.
                    
                    1) Truncate Whse to 5 Character Width  
                    2)  Move Units to Bin Location Field.
                    3)  Move Units Count to Right of Units
                    4)  Move Units per Pallet to right of Unit Count
                    5)  Change Column Units per Pallet  
                          Units/
                          Skid
                    6)  Move Partial to right of Units/Skid
                    7) Move Lot# to Right of Partial
                    8) Remaining Field will stay is same Order
                        Job#, PO#, Item#, Item Name, Total Qty, Costs, UOM, Extended Cost, Seq#, Created, Updated, Da
                    te
                    9) Make Created a two line column as User Created.
                    10) Make Updated by and two column heading as User Updated.
S-S- -   04231303 E N-K SSBOL Creation   Remove Prompt Message but Execute as Answering NO
                    BOL PRINT BUTTON.  See Attached.     
                    Message appears when Pressing PRINT BOL.
                    This occurs when an 2 or more items are on a single Release and one item is never scanned.  Hence
                     no Tags are scanned for this Item because either on hand is Zero or Warehouse cannot find the It
                    ems.
                    
                    Answer YES - it  deletes the item all the way back to the order entry screen and does not create 
                    another release. This results in No Backorder and No New Release, so the Delivery is Never Resche
                    duled..
                    
                    New Logical Value = ?   Will Remove the Message Asking to Delete the Items that were not scanned.
                       The program will process, the Bill of lading Print Button as if pressing the NO button when an
                     Item is not Scanned.  Please Note, This will ALSO Bypass the EMAIL Creation Logic.
                    
                    
                    To TEST.
                    Create Release for Order 206111.   Print Release.  Make sure to Erase Tags for O-T-1.
                    Scan Tag#  ATT-2297       20427  for Item ATT-2297.
                    The Press BOL PRINT Button.    This will create BOL for Both Items when I press NO.
                    Yes deletes Item 6x6x6.  So we want to Execute the NO Button.
                    
                     
                    
                    
S-S- -   04241305 E SS Post and IC3 Posting Physical Counts For Tags Never Received
                    See ASI FG Item 8x8x8-IL
                    We need to Move the Cost for Physical Counts from the PO or Job to History and Bin Tabs.
                    For Example,
                    I received 20 Units at 5000 per Pallet for Tag#  8X8X8-IL       10000
                    I also created 30 Pallet tags via O-U-7 for Vendor PO# 102170.
                    The 30 tags have never been received.
                    The FG Item 8x8x8-IL has a Stock Cost UOM = M.
                    However, the Cost the PO may be Ea, MSF, DOZ, LOT, Etc.
                    The PO does show the converted cost per M.
                    
                    Premier will use Sharp Shooter to Scan the Tags via Cycle Counts.
                    The Cost normally imports from the BIN file if the tag had been received.
                    This requires new Logic.
                    The Loadtag File will have either a Vendor PO# or a Job#.
                    
                    When POSTING Physical Counts for Tag never Received.
                    Find the First Receipt for that PO# or Job# in the Items BIN file.
                    Then Transfer that Cost to the History Tab and To the BIN Tab for each Tag# Posted.
                    
                    Also,  RECALC COST button under I-F-1 must be updated to import Cost based on Tag# 1st Cycle Coun
                    t if the Receipt does not Exist.
                    
                    
                    
                    
S-S- -   05041009 E SS Button called  RETURNS (John tell user to set N-K SSFGSCAN to YES)
                    SS Button called  RETURNS.   Scanning Tag# imports the current warehouse and bin location.
                    This currently skips the warehouse and bin location.  
                    Add new logic to scan both fields   (This will be combined field)  identical to SS Receipts.
                    This program will reduce the quantity on the return line from the existing warehouse and bin.
                    So, if we overwrite the warehouse and bin, we must make sure we reduce the correct warehouse and 
                    bin.   
                    For example.
                    Customer creates 10 Loadtag Labels for item 10x10x10 with 500 boxes per pallet.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 255

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    The Tag numbers would be 10x10x100001, 10x10x100002, 10x10x100003, 10x10x100004, etc.
                    Each tag is represented by a bar code representing the tag#.
                    However, the finished goods receipt is entered as Job XXX with 10 Units at 500 Qty per Unit in wa
                    rehouse MAIN, Bin Location A100... This results in 5000 boxes in Job XXX in Main A100.
                    The tag number is blank.
                    When customer converts to sharp shooter they Press Returns Button and scan each tag to load into 
                    inventory.  Each tag scanned MUST prompt to scan warehouse and bin.  (This will be combined field
                    )  Lets assume new locationi is (MAIN B101 will be scanned and program will load 1st 5 characters
                     into warehouse and remaining characters into bin location.   
                    
                    When SS Return is posted.
                    System adds each new Tag of 500 boxes/ pallet into MAIN B101 with new Tag#,.  Simultaneously, the
                     system reduces 500 boxes from MAIN A100 with Blank Tag#.
                    
S-S- -   05061008 E SS Button called  RETURNS (original task 05041009)
                    SS Button called  RETURNS.   Scanning Tag# imports the current warehouse and bin location.
                    This program will reduce the quantity on the return line from the existing warehouse and bin.
                    So, if we overwrite the warehouse and bin, we must make sure we reduce the correct warehouse and 
                    bin.  
                    
                    for example:
                    When SS Return is posted.
                    System adds each new Tag of 500 boxes/ pallet into MAIN B101 with new Tag#,.  Simultaneously, the
                     system reduces 500 boxes from MAIN A100 with Blank Tag#.
                    
S-S- -   05061016 E SS Button called  RETURNS slow going to next line
                    Customer complaining when they scan it pauses for 5 minutes before going to next line
                    
S-S- -   05161325 E Sharp Shooter Finished Goods - Move Buttons to 1 Line
                    Sharp Shoote Icon - Finished Goods
                    Receipts
                    Move
                    Transfer
                    Cycle Count
                    etc.
                    
                    Move Cancel and Post Button to Right of Other Buttons.
                    Forklift men with thick fingers are accidently hitting the Cancel button instead of the SAVE butt
                    on.   Moving buttons to be in row will be easier to hit the correct button.
                    See Attached.
                    
                    Also, after scanning Tag#, the cursor should move to the UNIT field.
                    
                    Add BACK TAB option to correct mistakes in sharp shooter screen
                    
                        
                    
S-S- -   06191303 E Revert SS BOL browse due to a test message
                    Revert version of program since test messag appeared in test
                    
                     
                    
                    
S-S- -   06231012 E Create zero qty on bol if not scanned in Create BOL ($50 per hour)
                    SS BOL Creation -  if item is not scanned and answer no to delete from release.
                    YES, should remove the item not scanned from release and NOT move to Bill of Lading.
                    NO, should move item not scanned to Bill of Lading with Ship Qty of Zero.
                    When the BOL is posted, this will create a backorder BOL.
                    1)  O-U-1  Create Order (202270) with Two Items
                    2)  O-U-1  Release both FG Items with No Tags
                    3)  Sharp Shooter,   Create BOL button.
                    4)  Sharp Shooter,   Scan Tags for Only one Item.
                    5)  Sharp Shooter,   Press Create BOL.
                    6)  Sharp Shooter,   System will prompt, 
                          "Release/Order#/FG# - Do you want to Delete it from Release?"   
                                    Yes will Not Create BackOrder.
                                    No will Create BackOrder.
                    
                    Original Notes Below
                    If customer does not scan an item on the Pick-Ticket, there is a question:  "Release/Order#/FG# -
                     Do you want to Delete it from Release?"  If they choose "Yes" it allows them to process the BOL 
                    and Invoice the customer (no backorder is created).  "Yes" seems to work as it should.   If they 
                    answer "No", a backorder should be created and they should be able to continue through billing fo
                    r the shipped items.  The backorder is not being created and they cannot proceed through invoicin
                    g for the shipped goods (see attachment).
S-S- -   07061008 E Cannot view the whole question
                    See Attachment
                    This question is being cut off on the screen.  "Release/Order#/FG# - Do you want to Delete it fro
                    m Release?"
S-S- -   07121302 E N-K SSPostVendorTags  (Post Immediatley)
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 256

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    New N-K-1 SSPostVendorTags?
                    
                    Logical Value = YES will automate this process in one step.  Scan and Post Vendor Tags immediatel
                    y.  SS  Raw Materials Scan Vendor Tags to Post to Inventory Immediately.
                    For estimated materials such as 200C with job numbers attached to the purchase this will create b
                    oth a receipt and an issue transaction for that job.   This is the perfect setting for 
                    a fixed bar code scanner attached to a conveyor belt that reads the pallets bar code as it passes
                     the scanner.    Each tag will be posted directly to inventory so that no human intervention is r
                    equired.
                    
                    Logical Value = NO will continue to require each step.  Meaning the vendors tag must be scanned t
                    hen the Receive Tag Button must be Pressed which creates the Receipt Transaction.  Then, the POST
                     buttun must be Pressed to Post both the Receipt and the Issue transactions.   
                    
                    Please note, any Errror Message in retrieving the PO#, Pallet Count, PO Line#, UOM, etc.
                    Will Stop Automated Process.  Error will display and User must correct and Proceed Manually.
                    
                    Tested with 1022480010089900001  (This creates ASI RM Tag and stores the Vendor Tag#)
                    When Click Receive Vendor Tag Button.
                    PO# is 102248    Line#  is 001   Qty is 00899  Pallet# changes with each Scan.
                    So change to 1022480010089900002 then 1022480010089900003, etc.
                    Please note SS Icon does not work for Scan Vendor Tags.
S-S- -   08081113 E New RFID SS Consolidate Tags  (Must use new 24 hex format)
                    New Sharp Shooter Button called Consolidate Tags.
                    This will allow transferring units from 1 tag to another tag and post transaction immediately.
                    Once completed, PRINT button Copy from SS Loadtag File will reprint the LoadTag Lable.
                    
                    Copy existing TRANSFER button and make following changes.
                    Existing Transfer Button only allows transferring from one location to the next location.
                    This new button will allow transferring units (Cases) from one Tag to Another Tag.
                    Screen will prompt  FROM TAG# ____________     TO TAG# ___________   Cases ______
                    The user will scan the FROM TAG# ______Bar Code Number or RFID tag number which will import the e
                    xisting LoadTag Number.  Then Transfer Units?  _____ The user will enter how many units to transf
                    er.   Then scan the TO TAG# ______  as the next Bar Code or RFID tag number which will import the
                     cross referenced LoadTag Number.
                    
                    For example if we have 3 pallets and each pallet has 50 cases of 500 per case.
                    The RFID tags are numberd 000000000001 as LoadTag FATT-2297      000001
                    The RFID tags are numberd 000000000002 as LoadTag FATT-2297      000002
                    The RFID tags are numberd 000000000003 as LoadTag FATT-2297      000003
                    
                    They will Scan transfer RFID Tag  000000000003 and transfer 25 units to Tag  000000000001
                    They will tranfer 25 units to LoadTag FATT-2297      000003 to LoadTag FATT-2297      000001
                    They will Scan transfer RFID Tag  000000000003 and transfer 25 units to Tag  000000000002
                    They will tranfer 25 units to LoadTag FATT-2297      000003 to LoadTag FATT-2297      000002
                    NET Result Tag 3 wil have ZERO units and Tags 2 & 3 will have 75 units.
                    REPRINT Tag will reprint tags.
S-S- -   08131303 E N-K SSBOLSCAN - Integer Value to Able or Disable F1 on Tag #
                    Sharp Shooter. - BOL Create Button.
                    Both Sharp Shooter Icon and Addons Icon must be modifified.
                    
                    Integer Value = 1   Will Disable the F1 Lookup on this Field.
                    This will force the Forklift Driver to Scan the Pallet Tag.
                    
                    Integer Value = 0   This will enable the F1 Lookup on this Field.
                    The Tag Number should be Scanned on a Pallet.
                    This will allow the Forklift Driver to attach a Pallet Tag via the F1 Key without scanning.
                    
S-S- -   08171106 E N-K SSRMIssue  New Parameter to Post when Saving Line
                    N-K SSRMIssue  New Parameter to immediately post Sharp Shooter Raw Material Issues when Issue lin
                    e is saved.    This parameter will be created when clicking the Sharp Shooter ISSUE button.
                    
                    Logical Value =  NO,  When scanning a raw material bar code to issue the material to a job, the S
                    AVE button WILL NOT post the transaction line.   The POST button or POST menu option must be used
                     to post the issue tranaction.
                    
                    Logical Value = Yes    When scanning a raw material bar code to issue the material to a job, the 
                    SAVE button WILL post the transaction line immediately, which will reduce the on hand quantity.  
                    The POST button or POST menu option WILL NOT be needed.   For example, once a raw material tag nu
                    mber is scanned and the user types the Job#, the program saves the line.  If logical value = Yes,
                     then the system will POST that line and that line only.  Essentially, this will execute the logi
                    c in the POST button with the UserID, tag#, item code, job#, defaulted. 
                    To Test 
                    Click Addons and / or Sharp Shooter Icon.   
                    Click Raw Materials.
                    Click Issues.
                    Scan a raw material item SBS18-24 tag 01014060010000001 to Tag# 01014060010000009 for job W2297-1
                    1.  This will import 20,000 lineal feet.
                    Save or Tab will save record then post directly to History.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 257

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
S-S- -   08191009 E Create BOL - Put everything on one line
                    See Attached
S-S- -   10111314 E N-K SSFGSCAN    Integer Value = 1
                    See Attached.
                    Sharp Shooter
                    Finished Goods
                    Receipts Button.
                    
                    N-K-1 Integer Value = 0 
                    Scan a Tag and Save.
                    When this is saved, the system automatically executes the ADD logic to scan another tag.
                    This is the existing logic.
                    
                    N-K-1 Integer Value = 1
                    Scan a Tag and Save.
                    When this is saved, the system WILL NOT automatically execute the ADD logic to scan another tag.
S-S- -   10160904 E N-K SSBOLPRINT Printer Default for PRINT BOL Button
                    See Attached 
                    N-K SSBOLPRINT Printer Default for PRINT BOL Button
                    
                    Currently BOL Button displays the attached menu.
                    New N-K-1 SSBOLPrint Option to ByPass the attached Printer Selection Menu. 
                    This box is too large to read using the Panasonic screen.  
                    Printers should be defined as default printers by Forklift Drivers.
                    When the BOL Print button is run, this would immediately print to that user Ids printer.
                    
                    N-K-1 SSBOLPrint
                    Logical Value = Yes will display the attached print selection menu.
                    Logical Value = No will not display the attached print selection menu.
                    
                    Integer Value = 1 to Set BOL POST toggle to YES
                    Integer Value = 0 to Set BOL Post Toggle to NO.
                    The integer value will set the toggle box to post or not post when the Sharp Shooter Print BOL Bu
                    tton is run.  Since the bill of lading print selection screen will not display and all the parame
                    ters are automatically loaded by the system, this will automatically load the POST or NOT POST op
                    tion..   
S-S- -   10160906 E N-K SSBOLSCAN Scan Truck ID when creating BOL
                    N-K-1 SSBOLSCAN  -  New control parameter to force scanning of truck ID.
                    1)  Bar Codes Created for Trucks must match the A-F-8-Carrier Folder - Truck Folder.
                          The Truck ID will be used for scanning.
                    2)   SS Bill of Lading Creation line for each TAG will have field called Trailer after tag#.
                    3)  N-K-1 SSBOLSCAN 
                          Character Value  = "" (nothing)  will not prompt to scan Trailer
                          This will bypass new trailer field as the existing logic works.
                    /* do not do this Character Value  = Dock will prompt to scan Dock Door and validate against Dock
                     File. */
                    Character Value  = Trailer will prompt to scan Trailer.
                         The trailer ID scanned must match the A-F-8 Carrier File Trailer ID
                    This must also validate against the Trailer on the release screen.  If the trailer on the release
                     screen is blank, then update release with scanned trailer# when hitting save only when character
                     value is not blank.  If there is already a trailer number, then this must validate the release w
                    ith that trailer#.
                    
                    4)  Add Truck ID to the N-K-1 BolFmt = Premierx (Trailer number already printing on BOL)
                    
                    5)  Post Release should update the Trailer as the Truck Id on Release and BOL (This is already up
                    dating The BOL)
S-S- -   10161402 E UPDATE Button to Allow Changing
                    UPDATE Button must allow changes to Fields.
                    
                    N-K-1 SSRMIssue Log Value = NO  and Char Value = Scan Tags.
                    See ASI PO# 102758 is without a PO# so the RM Receipt shows S/B 0-0.
                    Sharp Shooter Issues to Tag# 01027280010000001 to 01027280010000008 import S/B.
                    Please note, if SSRMIssue Log Value = YES this will post immediately after typing JOB#
                    
                    To Test
                    Click Addons SS, RM, Issues.
                    Scan Tag# 01027280010000004 and Tab to Job and Enter 207431
                    SAVE Line.
                    
                    Click UPDATE Button.
                    Tab does not allow changing Data.
                    
                    
S-S- -   10181210 E N-K FGPost Integer Value=1 Update Release Qty if Run & Ship ($20,000 C
                    Sharp Shooter Post Button and Post menu  will be changed for FG Recipts Integer Value = 1 
                    Integer Value = 1, when Posting Finished Goods for Receipts will update Release Quantity when Tot
                    al Receipt Qty exceed Order Quantity.  This new logic will provide visibility to ship and invoice
                     overruns that otherwise will become waste and lost revenue.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 258

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    Releases not processed will be overwritten with the Total Receipt Quantity.  
                    Releases that have been processed, then a new release will be created for the Receipt Qty less (O
                    rder Qty-Actual Released).
                    The Order Qty, Produced and Actual Release Qty quantities are displayed on the O-U-1 browser.
                    The following must criteria must exist to update the Release or to Create a New Release
                    1)  Job# exists on the Finished Goods Receipt Screen and
                    2)  Total Receipt Qty for Job# exceeds Order Quantity  
                    3)  Run & Ship Toggle Box = YES 
                    then 
                    If Release Status = "S", "I" or "L" or (A and not Printed) or (B and not Printed then) 
                    Total Finished Goods Quantity will replace the Quantity on  O-U-1 and O-T-1.
                    or
                    If Release Status is P, Z or C or (B and Printed) or (A and Printed) then
                    Program will create a new Release on the O-U-1 Release Folder for Total Receipt Qty less Total Re
                    lease Qty.
                    
                    Please note, O-U-1 Produced Qty is total Qty for all Receipts for all Tags for that Job.   
                    For Example. Job Qty = 14,500 and Order Qty = 12,000.  
                    The release will be automatically changed to 14,500.  
                    This will also update the O-T-1 release if the release is not printed.   
                    If the O-T-1 release is printed or if  the  Bill of Lading is created and Printed for 12,000, the
                    n 
                    FG Posting will create a new release. Qty = Total Produced less Actual Release. 
                    Please note this logic will use Actual Shipped Quantity to determine overrun quantity not shipped
                    .  
                    As another example.
                    
                    For example, a run and ship order for 12,000 has a release created for 12,000.  
                    As production stacks 4000 per pallet, a truck driver may be waiting at the dock for the boxes.  
                    Once 3 pallets of 4000 are created, the skids are loaded on the truck and the driver leaves the d
                    ock.  
                    However, the machine then loads another unit of 2,500 boxes that are an overrun are received into
                     inventory.   
                    At this point the system will create a new release for next day.
S-S- -   10201403 E N-K SSBOL Creation: Add qty difference warning and email
                    Logical Value = YES  triggers the Email.
                    
                    New email  notification when creating a BOL through Sharp Shooter.  
                    1)  A warning message already exists to warn the user that the scanned qty is less than the      
                    released qty.  The first change is to enhance this message to warn if the qty is different.      
                    (over or under the original OT1 qty).
                    2) An email notification process already exists if a BOL is created when:
                         a) an FG Item is added to an existing release
                         b) an FG Item is removed from an existing release
                         c) an order is added to an existing release
                    This mod will add a 4th reason to generate an email:
                        d) Creating a BOL with a total scanned qty for a given item that is greater than
                             or less than the qty originally on the OT1 release. 
                    
                    If the user continues to process the BOL after receiving the warning message,
                     then an email will be sent using the same process that already exists for the emails generated f
                    or criteria a, b or c above.
S-S- -   11211104 E SS  FGLabel   Label Menu - File Maint - Finished Goods
                    See Attached.
                    RFID Number should be updateable when user ID = asi or ASI.
S-S- -   11221302 E N-K SSTRANSF  Character Value = ItemFle
                    See Attached.
                    
                    Sharp Shotter-Finished Goods Transfer Button
                    When transferring a Partial Pallet Tag, the program automatically creates a new Loadtag for the P
                    artial Quantity being transferred.
                    
                    Sharp Shooter-Finished Goods Transfer Button will automatically popup a Print Message to print th
                    e loadtag that is automatically created when transferring a partial pallet tag.  
                    
                    Partial Pallets are only possible when the quantity transferred is less than the existing loadtag
                    s quantity on hand.  When the character value = ItemFile and the finished goods field ship method
                     = case, program will prompt for the number of units.   When the tags Bill of Lading quantity is 
                    less than the current on hand quantity, the program immediately creates a new loadtag for the Par
                    tial Tag by copying the scanned loadtag.  Only the transferred partial units and count are listed
                     for the new Tag. 
                    
                    After creating the new loadtag, the program will display immediately display a LOADTAG Print Scre
                    en prompting to print the Loadtag.   This screen will mimic the the existing logic from menu keys
                     O-U-7 with the REPRINT TAG toggle box checked. 
                     If the User Clicks OK, the loadtag will print immediately.
                    
                    
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 259

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
S-S- -   12051303 E SS Receipts to Transfer FG Lot#
                    See Attached Sample.
                    Click Sharp Shooter Icon
                    Click Finished Goods
                    Click Receipts
                    On  Tag# field, Paste Tag# =   RED BOX        00001 
                    This will transfer the data from the Sharp Shooter Loadtag file.
                    However, the FG Lot# is blank.
                    
                    The FG Lot# in the Loadtag should be transferred to the Receipt Screen.
                    
                    
                    Also,
                    Click ASI Addons.
                    Click Sharp Shooter
                    Click Finished Goods
                    Click Receipts.
                    Paste Tag# =  RED BOX        00001 
                    This program should also transfer the FG Lot#
                    
                    
                    Please note, the Loadtag file is found under SS, Label Menu
S-S- -   12071102 E Posting Count FG to work same as Recieve FG's
                    When running Sharp Shooter  (sharpsh2.p)
                    Finished Good  -   Count Goods - Post 
                    The system is displaying a print parameter screen when you click post.  
                    This is to large to read on the computer screen on the forklift
                    
                    Copy the POST button logic from Receipts.
                    When posting the Count Goods screen, this should work the same way the posting of Receive goods w
                    ork on the pocket pc.  The only popup that should be displayed on the pocket PC reads "are you su
                    re you want to post"
                    
                    N-K-1 SSPOSTFG logical value must be set to NO requires POST button to be pressed.
S-S- -   12121105 E SS - FGLabel   Label Menu - File Maint - Finished Goods
                    See Attached.
                    Add New Search Field by RFID Tag#.
                    
                    
                    ASI Note
                    Update by ASI user Id was done by Stacey on Task 11211104.
                    
                    
S-S-R-M  09141105 E SS Raw Material MOVE  to scan Vendor Tag
                    Scan Vendor Tag# 10153000100500030 
                    Currently this only supports the ASI tag number.
                    When scanning the vendor tag#, this should find the ASI Tag number then continue to update that t
                    ag#.
                    
                    There is a Search Vendor Tag option on the button called SCAN VENDOR TAG.
                    The program should search for this tag if the ASI tag is not found.
                    IF neither are found then the warning message should appear.
                    
T- - -   07171406 E Touch Screen Expand BOX IMAGE when clicking the Icon
                    See Attached.
                    Addon Icon
                    Touch Screen
                    Job Data Collection.
                    Click Machine = ZLM
                    Click Job W11725
                    Click BOXES Icon.
                    Expand this window to full size of the computer screen.
                    
                    
                    Top right of this helpdesk task screen shows a Expand & Minimize icon that would be good logic fo
                    r TS Box Icon..
T- - -   10311101 E New Security for Pen Notes in Touchscreen.
                    Security Menu - Program Master - Fountain Pen
                    New Program for security for the Fountain Pen Icon .
                    Create new Security option for the Pen Notes Icon in Touch Screen & Order Entry.
                    Both Estimating, Order Entry, Touch Screen and Job Cost show the Notes via Fountain Pen.
                    This will allow View Only Security so all uses can view.
                    This will allow Add Security to set users that can Add Notes.
                    This will allow Change Security to set users that can Change Notes.
                    This will allow Delete Security to set users that can Delete Notes.
                    
                    Effectively, this will provide ability to disable changes to pen notes in touchscreen for plant p
                    ersonnel.    
                    See attachments
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 260

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    ASI Solution
                    Created new update panel:  panels/p-pennote.w (copied from ordrel panel)
                    windows/specnote.w  (changed update panel to use new p-pennote.w)
                    viewers/specnote.w (added required procedure "check-for-record")
                    Added record to program master for p-pennote.
T-D- -   02141104 E Machine Notes Icon in Touch Screen
                    Add notes option on Machine Transactions Screen  (called "Job Notes") 
                    That will also be available in OQ1 and JQ1.  
                    They do not want the notes attached to the estimate or the FG.
                    
                    This will be one file for all deparments.
                    This will be a job index only.
                    This will be indexed by job only.
                    
                    All departments notes for all machines will share this one file.
                    
                    Please note,
                    The OPNOTES program must be added the ADDON Program Master for Security.
T-D- -   06141004 E N-K TSFINISH Mod Request - Char Value = "NO"  Default ($75. an hour)
                    N-K TSFINISH to determine default for machine completed field per operation.
                    
                    Character Value = All Machines, 
                    This will be the current logic of defaulting the COMPLETED field to YES when ending any MR, RUN o
                    r Downtime charge code.
                    
                    Character Value = NO 
                    Will always defualt the completed flag to "NO", on all machines.
                    
                    Character Value = Last Machine, will default all operations to NO for not completed except for th
                    e END of the last operation.   The last operation is dictated by the last operation under the 
                    (T-F-8)  Machine Assigned charge codes sequence folder if defined, else via (T-F-6)  Job Sequence
                    .  Once the last operation is completed, all prior operations will also be set to Completed in th
                    e job's routing file.  
T-D- -   09211014 E N-K TSENDWASH log = no Mod so default for "End Wash" Complete will be
                    In operation "Wash Up", when "Ending Wash Up", "Yes" is the default which closes you out of the j
                    ob when you are between form and tasks.  Default should be "No".
                    
                    N-K TSENDWASH Logical value Yes will always default complete flag to No.
                    
                    Original e-mail:  To prevent any untimely errors: I would like to have an improvement made to the
                     end wash. It should default to no not yes. If I end wash between forms and between tasks it clos
                    es me out of the job. I will have to take valuable time to fix it. I should be able to select yes
                     when it is needed.  
T-D- -   11291004 E N-K TSKEYBOARD Log = no to Remove On-Screen Keyboards
                    N-K TSKEYBOARD 
                    If you are using a real keyboard in the plant, the operator may not want to see the virtual keybo
                    ard during touch screen.   The logical value will turn this on or off.
                    
                    Logical Value = YES 
                    This will display the on screen keyboards to the plant personnel to type user ID, job number, was
                    te and production quantities.
                    
                    Logical Value = NO   
                    This will not display the on screen keyboards to the plant personnel to type user ID, job number,
                     waste and production quantities.  This option will require a keyboard and mouse at each data col
                    lection device.
T-F-3-   03021202 E Add New ShortCut for Machine Transactions for Check Box Only
                    Update T-F-3 and add RED Check Box Icon for Quality Control Notes to Machine Transactions.
                    
                    Add Job Checkmark to T-F-3 Menu.
                    Then copy program to Touch Screen Login Menu Screen and Secure or eliminate Tabs so Plant employe
                    es cannot access other data.
                    
                    See Attached.
                    
T-S- -   01141405 E Touch Screen  COPY vs REPLACE Machine  (See Task 08281203 and 05231303
                    Move Logic in D-F to Touch Screen Data Collection.
                    See ASI Job W2297-27
                    The SHEET Machine is Listed in the Job File.
                    Click TS Data Collection and 
                    Select SHT1.
                    Since there is No Production, the program SHOULD prompt to REPLACE the existing machine.   
                    This is perfect if there is no WIP Actual for the existing machine in J-U-1.
                    However, this is Now Prompting to COPY.  That is Wrong Data.
                    
                    The Following Logic is the Only Logic That Works.
                    Click TS
                    Click Job W2297-10
                    Click Machine 407   (Data Already Exists for Machine 408)
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 261

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    MR or Run WIP exists for Sheet 1,   
                    PROMPT should be COPY existing Machine?
                    Thus DO NOT REPLACE,
                    simply COPY the existing machine in J-U-1
                    But Replace machine Code.
                    And Remove MR Hours
                            
T-S- -   03101101 E Misc Fields make compatible with addons
                    Added to machine transaction browser.
T-S- -   03301205 E New WIP Tag Icon in Touch Screen  (See Attached)
                    New WIP Tag ICON under the JOB Ticket ICON.
                    This will run the program under J-U-3.
                    Customer will then load RM Tag, Job#, and Sheets per Pallet.
                    Icon. Create new WIP Tag
                    
                    
                    Test with RM Pallet Tag 01016750010000001  to 01016750010000006
                    Type Job 2297-19.
                    This displays 20,000 LF at top right.
                    I click WIP Machine and Tab.
                    The expected sheets show ZERO.
                    This must import the RUN production Quantity to the Expected Sheets.
                    This should automatically check the WIP toggle box.
                    This would then import Machine that is Highlited.
                    
T-S- -   05231303 E Touch Screen  COPY vs REPLACE Machine  (See Task 08281203 and 05231303
                    Move Logic in D-F to Touch Screen Data Collection.
                    See ASI Job 206202
                    There are 3 Forms and each shows the BMA in the J-U-1 Machine Tab..
                    I login as Joe Hentz and posted 10,000 sheets for Form 1  for the  BMA.
                    Next.
                    Click TS Data Collection for Job 206202 and select machine 56.
                    Click Enter Job and Mouse Click Job 206202 and Click Verify Job.
                    Warning will Appear to REPLACE machine BMA.
                    That is the Issue.
                    They want to COPY the machine since data collection exists for the BMA Machine.
                    When they replace this machine, the D-F-1 and D-R-3 reports do not show times for the BMA machine
                     because this was removed from the J-U-1 Routing Folder.
                    
                    New Logic must be added when Prompt  displays (See Attached)
                    D-U-1, D-F-1 and Touch Screen data collection.
                    New LOGIC,  if WIP Production quantity exists (J-Q-1) for the the machine that is to be replaced 
                    in J-U-1,  or Touch Data Collect Exist in T-F-3 or T-F-4
                    
                    When the Machine for the FORM does not exist in J-U-1, 
                    the program prompts to REPLACE the existing machine.   
                    This is perfect if there is no producion for the existing machine in J-U-1.
                    When Production Exist, PROMPT should be COPY existing Machine?
                    
                    DO NOT REPLACE,
                    simply COPY the existing machine in J-U-1
                    But Replace machine Code.
                    And Remove MR Hours
                            
T-S- -   06271105 E Copy JobCard Icon to Machine Transactions
                    See Attached.
                    Addons Menu.  
                    Touch Screen 
                    Job Data Collection Screen
                    Pick Machin 408
                    Select Job W-2297.
                    This will show the screen shots on the attachment.
                    
                    Copy the JOB CARD button on the top screen to the botton machine transactions screen right next t
                    o the Yellow Book notes icon.     This will allow the shop personnel to view the job card once th
                    ey start the data collection.  
T-S- -   09281103 E Copy JobCard Icon to Machine Transactions  (Task 06271105 & Old task 0
                    This mod is not longer working.
                    The O-U-7 is not printing the same job ticket as Touch Screen Job Cards.
                    Print  Job# 203429
                    Addons Menu.  
                    Touch Screen 
                    Job Data Collection Screen
                    Pick Machin 408
                    Select Job W-2297.
                    This will show the screen shots on the attachment.
                    
                    Copy the JOB CARD button on the top screen to the botton machine transactions screen right next t
                    o the Yellow Book notes icon.     This will allow the shop personnel to view the job card once th
                    ey start the data collection.  
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 262

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
T-S- -   09281105 E Job Data Collection - Update Button to change Fields.
                    See Attached.
                    Touch Screen - Job Data Collection -
                    Select Machine 56.
                    Select Job.
                    Click View Trans Folder.
                    Click Update on bottom Menu.
                    
                    UPDATE Button should allow changes to the following fields
                    Form#
                    Blank#
                    Pass#
                    
                    Likewise, in the T-F-3  VIEW TRANS folder this should be updatable.
T-S- -   11181410 E Touch Screen  COPY vs REPLACE Machine  (See Tasks 08281203 and 0523130
                    See Attached.  We need to replace the YES and NO buttons with
                    REPLACE     COPY     CANCEL.
                    
                    Original Task programming only copies after a machine has posted transactions.
                    Hand Labor such as Hand Stripping by Multiple People must be added simultaneously.
                    We need to COPY new machines and Not Replace before Posting Transactions.
                    To Test
                    See ASI Job 207823 for FG Item ATT-2297
                    This has a machine called STRIP which is manual labor of separating boxes from sheet.
                    Click Job Data Collection for machines HS1, HS2 and HS3 in Touch Screen to the Job 207823
                    HS1 is for Man 1,  HS2 is Man2 and HS3 is for Man3.
                    Step 1.  Login Man HS1 to Machine HS1.
                    Step 2.  Login Man HS2 to Machine HS1.
                    Step 3.  Login Man HS3 to Machine HS1.
                    Step 4.  Post Job Data Collection for HS1 to Job 207823
                                  This Prompts to Replace the STRIP Machine.
                    This works but I should be able to copy new machine Code and not just Replace.
                                  There should be option to COPY or REPLACE.
                    Step 4.  Post Job Data Collection for HS2 to Job 207823
                                  This Prompts to Replace the STRIP Machine.
                                  There should be option to COPY or REPLACE.
                    Step 6.  Post Job Data Collection for HS3 to Job 207823
                                  This Prompts to Replace the STRIP Machine.
                                  There should be option to COPY or REPLACE.
                    
T-S- -   11181411 E Replace Icon for Change Company
                    See Attached.
                    
                    Make this Icon Exit the Program.
                    This should not prompt to Change Company.
V- - -   02191009 E N-K CHKFMT = UNIPAK
                    The issue is that each check after the first check moves down 2 lines more than the previous one.
                    
                    
                    1st check is fine
                    2nd check is down 2 line
                    3rd check is down 4 lines
                    4th check is down 6 lines.
V- - -   06271210 E Resize Project AP
                    Resize Project
V-B-1-   01091401 E Projected Cash Balance for Build Payment Selections
                    See Attached.   See Task# 08291301
                    Add new Field called  Projected Cash Balance.
                    This will be the projected Cash balance after paying selected Vendors.
                    Find Bank Balance from GF4 and Subtract Check Balance.
                    
                    To find Bank Balance.
                    Find the Cash General Ledger Account is defined on V-F-6 Control File.   
                    The Find the Bank under G-F-4 matching that GL Account Number.
                    See Attached.
                    
                    As each AP Invoice is applied, the CHECK Balance displayed will reduce the Cash Balance.
V-B-1-   01191301 E New Vendor Selection by Discount Date    1/1/2013 Audit
                    Vendor Payment Selection.  New Mod is to ensure that they save money on the payment discount by p
                    aying invoices before the expiration of the discount date.
                    See Attached for new Fields and Toggle Box
                    1)  Add new button called ADD button to Add Invioces to Selection Worksheet.
                          Copy logic from V-B-2 Add button but change logic to allow all vendors.
                    2)  Change all Columns Heading to Yellow to Allow Ascending / Descending Sorts
                    3)  Add new Column Field called Invoice Date.
                    4)  New Toggle Box will work opposite of the existing Due Date Logic that shows Invoice After    
                          Due Date.    New Discount Date will show invoices Before the Due Date.
                          For example,  We have 3 invoices dated 1/1/2013.
                          1st Invoice has payment terms of 2% if paid within 5 days, hence Disc Date = 1/05/13
                          2nd invioce has payment terms of 2% if paid withn 10 days, hence Disc Date = 1/10/13
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 263

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          3rd invoice has payment terms of 2% if paid within 15 days, hence Disc Date = 1/15/13
                    We run checks each Friday which is 1/4/2013 and next week on1/11.2013.  Therefore we want to Show
                     all invoices with discount before the next check run of 1/11/2013.    The user will enter the DI
                    SCOUNT date of 01/04/2013 and next 6 days.  This is 1 day before next check run.  Hence, the calc
                    ulated date is 1/9/2013.  So all invoices with DISC Date before 1/9/2013 would also appear on the
                     worksheet when the TOGGLE Box Show Invoices available for Discount is Checked.   They want to pa
                    y invoices before Discount date, but not too early.If this toggle box is not checked, then the ex
                    isting logic will run and Only Invoices PAST due will appear.   
                    5)  All additions, changes and reloading of the Invoice must Correctly Total AMOUNT field.
V-B-1-   04021409 E Add Bill Pay functionality to Selection and Check Printing.
                    1. Add [Bill Pay] toggle box to the VF1 Vendor File under ACH checkbox
                    2. Add toggle box to the VB1 (Select by Due Date) screen called [BillPay Vendors Only]
                    3. Add Bill Pay vendors to the Exclude Credit Card/ACH Vendors toggle box on the VB1(Payment Sele
                    ction by Due Date) Screen.
                    4. When checked, the Exclude credit card/ACH vendors toggle box must be unchecked..  Cannot have 
                    both checked.
                    5. When printing checks in VC1, If the ACH toggle box is checked, then use the Starting ACH Check
                     number field on bank file screen.
                    
                    If Toggle box is checked on VB1 Screen [Bill Pay Vendors Only], only pull up vendor invoices wher
                    e the vendor has the New [BillPay] toggle box checked in the vendor file.
                    
                    This should work exactly like the new [Credit Card/ACH Vendors Only] mod.
                    
                    When printing the checks for Bill Pay they will check the same toggle box For ACH checks and use 
                    the same check# range for ACH checks, but this code must be changed to check that the checks are 
                    billpay.
                    
                    See task# 11181317, 11081305
V-B-1-   11081305 E Add toggle box for ACH vendors only
                    Add a new toggle box to the Payment selection by due date called ACH/CC vendors only.
                    
                    When checked, it will only pull vendors that have the ACH toggle box checked in the vendor file w
                    ith invoices for payment. When checked, the Exclude credit card/ACH vendors toggle box must be un
                    checked..  Cannot have both checked.
V-B-1-   11181317 E Add toggle box for ACH vendors only
                    Add a new toggle box to the Payment selection by due date called ACH/CC vendors only.
                    
                    When checked, it will only pull vendors that have the ACH toggle box checked in the vendor file w
                    ith invoices for payment. When checked, the Exclude credit card/ACH vendors toggle box must be un
                    checked..  Cannot have both checked.
V-B-2-   08291301 E Projected Cash Balance for Build Payment Selections
                    See Attached.
                    
                    Add new Field called  Projected Cash Balance.
                    
                    This will be the projected Cash balance after paying selected Vendors.
                    Find Bank Balance from GF4 and Subtract Check Balance.
                    
                    To find Bank Balance.
                    Find the Cash General Ledger Account is defined on V-F-6 Control File.   
                    The Find the Bank under G-F-4 matching that GL Account Number.
                    See Attached.
                    
                    As each AP Invoice is applied, the CHECK Balance displayed will reduce the Cash Balance.
V-C- -   11191201 E Convert Check Processing into ASI Anyware
                    Convert Check Processing into ASI Anyware
                    
                     1. Print AP Checks
                     2. Manual Checks
                     3. Check Register
                     4. Void AP Checks
                     5. Voided Check Register
V-C-1-   02221302 E N-K CHKFMT = PROTAGON
                    Have the number assigned by ASI printed as indicated on check in cheque#.jpg
                    See attachment 
V-C-1-   03071305 E N-K CHKFMT = ASIX (Copy PROTAGON style and ASILaser format)
                    Create new Xprint style based on the Protagon format (fonts, sizes, etc) but use the ADVLaser con
                    tent (check in the middle between two stubs, register columns).
                    
                    Please assign to JDH once completed
V-C-1-   03251303 E N-K CHKFMT = PROTAGON - Postal Code Alignment
                    Display the postal Code  on the same line as the zip code (which will be blank for Protagon's Can
                    adian customers).  If both fields have values, both values will print side by side.  The third li
                    ne of the address should be packed so that there is not a large space between State/Prov and Zip/
                    Post Code.
V-C-1-   04231301 E N-K CHKFMT = AllLaserHP1536DN - Copy AllLaser to new Format for Pagina
                    05-08-2013 (John) - Laser check needs to be fixed.  Move line down by one.  See sample copy of ch
                    eck attached to task.
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 264

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    --------------------------------------------------
                    
                    N-K-1 ChkFmt = AllLaser 
                    (Checks move down one line when printing batch checks.)
                    
                    Client trashed HP LaserJet 1536
                    New HP 1536 dnf MFP, which we have connected directly our Domain Server.  
                    Windows XP and still have the drivers labeled "HPchk", which I actually think are actually "HP La
                    serJet 3" drivers
                    
                    Printed one accounts payable check (V-C-1) on the new HP 1536 printer everything looked fine.  Pr
                    inting more than one check at a time, the printer or the driver is adding a blank line to each ch
                    eck after the 1st check and therefore the 2nd, 3rd, etc checks do not print correctly on our prep
                    rinted check form.   I have attached a printed check and a blank check for reference purposes.
                    
                    Customer is checking: (To Port Directly).
                    Check is moving down one line per page for each check.
                    
                    PLEASE NOTE,
                    Printer Setup Firmware may have Form Feed Logic to Adjust Lines per Page.
                    Client should read user manual.
V-C-1-   06171407 E N-K CHKFMT=Vineland , move address down 1 line
                    1. On middle portion of check move the name and address down 1 line to fit in window      envelop
                    ee
                    
                    2. DO NOT move the  memo line below the address or anything else.
                    
                    see attachment for example
V-C-1-   07151402 E Automatically check the Print ACH Check box is selection is for ACH in
                    Automatically check the box (ACH/Billpay Check Run) when entering the Print AP Checks screen if t
                    he build payment selection (VB1)is for ACH checks OR Bill Pay Checks.  It would not check that bo
                    x if the payment selection was for normal checks.
V-C-1-   08191413 E N-K CHKFMT = HUGHES  - Alignment of pages off with new printer
                    See attached.  Check format adds lines when being printed to a new printer.  Chkfmt = hughes was 
                    writted to work for old printer only.
                    This mod will change Chkfmt = Hughes to work for new printers (but not the old one).
V-C-1-   09231101 E NK-CHKFMT=MidYork  New Check Format  ($50 per Hour)
                    Create New check format.
                    Copy ADVLaser
                    Move the middle check portion to the bottom stub.  Ther are no lines on stubs or check that you s
                    hould need to move anything around.  
                    Format should be STUB,STUB,CHECK
                    See sample
V-C-1-   10141003 E N-K CHKFMT= ADAPTLS
                    New check format.
                    Copy IndianaL and make changes
                    Delete the 2 heading lines at top of top and bottom stub
                    Move bottom stub up one line.
                    See attachment
V-C-1-   10291201 E N-K CHKFMT = PROTAGON (copy from Unipak) Add PO#
                    Copy CHKFMT = Unipak (also look at ACPI or STCLaser which has PO column)
                    
                    Move Date to 2nd column.
                    Replace "Reference Field" with first PO number on each Invoice.
                    Remove Invoice Amount column.
                    
                    If # of Invoices exceeds what can be displayed on stub, print VOID over 1st check and continue pr
                    inting Invoices on second check.  Second check total should be total of all invoices.
                    
                    Because of formatting requirements, we need to add the xprint back-end to the check printing proc
                    ess.
                    
                    See attachments for required formatting and labels.
V-C-3-   03081201 E N-K CHKFMT=ASSILaser
                    New internal Check format.
                    Copy ADV Laser.  Replace center check portion with top check portion of RFC format.
                    No other changes.
V-C-3-   11021101 E N-K CHKFMT=Soule  New check format
                    Copy N-K CHKFMT=ADVLaser
                    Delete all headings from both check stubs
                    Align columns up with there check stubs.See Sample
                       1.  Move invoice number column over 3 spaces to right.  Because you do this, then move Date co
                    lumn and all others to the right over 4 spaces to the left.  Take away from the reference field i
                    f needed.
                       2.  Move the top stub down 1 line, but move the middle check up 1 line (after moving top down 
                    1 line.)
                       3.  Move bottom stub up 1 line ( this should move up when moving middle check up 1 line)
                    
                    jdh: 1/4/12:  Top stub move 1st vendor # line up 1 line (also the vendor# and name on first line 
                                            is printing twice on 2nd check on.  See Soule check test.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 265

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            Middle check portion is perfect.....don't change
                                            Bottom stub move up 1 line.  See sample
                    
V-C-4-   01281302 E Security ap/v-void Add security by user ID to check Register
                    Check Register - Security by userID
V-C-4-   02051408 E New Browser Features
                    1)  Add new AutoFind Options
                        Vendor# and 
                        Check#
                    2)  Add Check# and Vendor# to the Browser.
                    3)  Add Yellow Column Heading to All Fields
                    
V-C-5-   09271106 E N-K AuditDir - Change logic for VC5 to save to disk
                    The N-K-1 AuditDir  parameter is used to save the AUDIT TRAILS to Disk Drive.
                    For example A-U-4 already has this logic.
                    This replaced the files being saved to the RCODE directory.
                    N-K-1 AuditDir Character Value houses the name of the Folder to save the data files.
                    For Example, ASI stores other posting reports know as Audit Trails to the following Disk Drive.
                    P:\ASI10Test\Rco1010\Audit 001\AUDIT TRAILS
                    
                    Change Logic for the V-C-5 Voided Check Regisgter to save to the Disk Drive folder defined under 
                    the character value when posting = Yes.  
                    Program name is ap/r-vdckrg.r
                    
                    This is ONLY Save to Disk when the user clicks YES to Post !
V-F- -   10261206 E ReWrite Advantzware File Maintenance for Vendors ASI Anyware
                    Programining of File Maintenance for Vendors ASI Anyware
                    1. Vendors
                    2. Payment Terms
                    3. Taxing Authority Codes
                    4. Vendor Types
                    5. Buyers
                    6. Accounts Payable Control 
V-F-1-   02091108 E Add Lookup for City
                    Copy the Lookup for the city on the Customer File and put it in the city for the Vendor File.
                    Same Lookup as Customer City and Zip Lookup.
V-F-1-   04121108 E Modify vendor name to allow 45 characters.
                    Modify the vendor name in the vendor file to allow 45 characters. Currently only 30
                    Modify the remit to vendor name to allow 45 characters also.  
                    See attachment for screen shot.
                    Change the address from 30 characters to 40-45 characters.
                    
                    Please note,
                    Any changes to other reports or business forms are not included in the enhancment.
                    Further changes will be billed separately.
V-F-1-   05111007 E Add Push Pin Icon for VF1  (Similar Logic to AF1 - Discuss with Eric)
                    This is suppose to be so we can scan our vendors bills and view them on each invoice that we pay.
                      I cannot do this from VF1. Should also be in VQ1 and VQ2.  Just like the other push pin is in O
                    Q1.  I did explain this to Joe that I needed to scan our bills( payables) to view because we are 
                    going paperless.
                    
                    Original Notes:
                    Add Push Pin Icon to V-F-1.
                    Logic will be similar to A-F-1 Push Pin.
                    This will allow attachments to the Vendor File.
V-F-1-   06221001 E Add Push Pin Icon for VF1  (Shared Mod)
                    Add Push Pin Icon to V-F-1.
                    Logic will be similar to A-F-1 Push Pin.
                    This will allow attachments to the Vendor File.
V-F-1-   06221004 E Add Push Pin Icon for VF1  (Similar Logic to AF1)
                    Add Push Pin Icon to V-F-1.
                    Logic will be similar to A-F-1 Push Pin.
                    This will allow attachments to the Vendor File.
V-F-1-   09241305 E Add Excel Icon to V-F-1  Browse Tab
                    Add Excel Icon on V-F-1 Vendors Browse Tab 
                    This will allow users to export any field from this table and export to excel.
                    All fields on the View Vendor Table that are visible in the viewer should be selectable as fiels 
                    / columns for output..
                    
                    Output Parameter will be From Vendor to Vendor
                    Default to Vendors Displayed on the Browser.
                    
                    Once Fields are selected, they must be saved b User ID.
                    When User returns to Output to Excel the fields that were selected last time report ran should be
                     preselected.  Therefore ASI may select fields that will be different then user JOE that may sele
                    ct different fields.
                    
V-F-1-   10231413 E New Vendor Browser including Active/Inactive
                    See Attached.
                    New Vendor Browser with Search Criteria.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 266

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    (Similar to I-F-1 functionality)
                    
                    1)  Vendor
                    2)  Name
                    3)  City
                    4)  State
                    5)  Zip
                    6)  Type
                    7)  Buyer
                    8)  Active / Inactive.
                    
                    Multple fields can be entered to limit the search.
                    For example,
                    Active and State = PA and Buyer = 001
                    Only Active Vendors in PA with Buyer = 001 will display.
V-F-1-   11181306 E Accounts Payable -  Add *Wildcard* Search* on the AutoFind Option
                    Click in AutoFind Box at the bottom of the Browser.
                    Click Description
                    
                    Add search functionality that will allow user to search items for any text that would be containe
                    d in the name (not just the beginning of the name).  
                    Search with *..........*   to search item names.
                    
                    For Example.  
                    Search for Board and only no records appear.
                    New Logic.
                    Type  *Board*  
                    This will find all Vendors with the characters = Board 
                    
                    Please Note,
                    Search without the *    *   will continue to search only the 1st letters of the records.
V-F-1-   12031408 E New Browser Logic for Vendor File
                    Current Behavior:
                    If the user searches for an Record and that Record is not found:
                    For Example, Search for State = PA and  Buyer = Sewa
                    1)  An error message is displayed.
                    2)  All of the search fields are cleared
                    3)  All items are displayed in the browse
                    
                    NEW LOGIC:
                    For Example, Search for State = PA and  Buyer = Sewa
                    1) "No Items Found, please update your Search Criteria" 
                    2)  Seach Fields are not Cleared and Remain as entered, 
                         with the cursor active in the field last used
                    3) No estimate records will be Displayed in the Browser 
V-F-1-,V 05291306 E Add toggle box to VF1, VB1 for credit card payments, All types in Bank
                    1.  Add toggle box to AP Vendor screen (VF1) called [Credit Card/ACH]
                    2.  Add toggle box to AP Select by Due Date Screen called 
                         [Exclude Credit Card/ACH  Vendors]
                    3.  Allow any type of general ledger account number in the [GF4] Bank File.  
                        (A)sset, (L)iablity, (C)apital, (E)xpense.  Currently this field only brings in Assets
                    4 . When credit card/ACH toggle box in vendor file is checked, then payment selection screen will
                     search all vendors with available invoices due within the terms and if a vendor has the Credit C
                    ard/ACH toggle box checked in item 1. then exclude those vendors from the selection.
                    
V-L-1-   12101201 E Convert List Case Disbursements into ASI Anyware
                    Convert List Case Disbursements into ASI Anyware
                    
                     1. Enter/Edit Disbursements
                     2. Disbursements Register
V-L-2-   09271108 E N-K AuditDir - Change logic for VL2 to save to disk
                    The N-K-1 AuditDir  parameter is used to save the AUDIT TRAILS to Disk Drive.
                    For example A-U-4 already has this logic.
                    This replaced the files being saved to the RCODE directory.
                    N-K-1 AuditDir Character Value houses the name of the Folder to save the data files.
                    For Example, ASI stores other posting reports know as Audit Trails to the following Disk Drive.
                    P:\ASI10Test\Rco1010\Audit 001\AUDIT TRAILS
                    
                    Change Logic for the V-L-2 Cash Disbursements posting Register  to save to the Disk Drive folder 
                    defined under the character value when posting = Yes.  
                    Program name is ap/r-apdis.r
                    
                    This is ONLY Save to Disk when the user clicks YES to Post !
V-Q-1-   08161006 E Add Push Pin Icon to VQ1 (Add program to program master)
                    Add to VU1, VQ1 and VQ2.  Just like the other push pin is in OQ1.
                    Logic in VQ1 will be Invoice Specific.  Also, hide order# field in VF1.
V-Q-2-   01191305 E Records should only be Listed when ENTER or GO is clicked
                    Test with Vendor 1111.
                    
                    1.  The browser portion of the screen should not  populate until the GO button is clicked.  
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 267

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          It searches records when Tabbing on vendor# before filling in any other fields.
                    
                    2..  Default check date column to descending date order, not ascending date.
                    
                    3)  Check Fields to Line Up 
                          From Check#   _______     From Inv# _______  From Date  _____
                          To      Check#   _______    To      Inv#  _______  To     Date  _____
V-Q-2-   12081111 E Default view screen to descending order
                    Change the default sort on the view screen to descending order.  
                    Please note, 
                    If changing sort s slows the search then we cannot make the change.
                    Programmer should understand the DB index if this can be done.
                    
                    It is now in ascending order and you could have 10 years of checks and you cannot scroll or use y
                    our end key to get to the bottom.  
                    You cannot even use the yellow bar to sort by descending check#.  
                    It only goes back so far.
                    
                    You cannot sort the check number and the check date columns due to the fact that multiple invoice
                    s connected to a check do not display these fields, which they should not.  
                    
                    See attachment
                    
                    SAB:
                    After talking with Julie, it was determined that she actually needed a date range on the screen t
                    o limit the amount of data being read into the temp-table.  Also, this temp-table is setup to loo
                    k like a report where some fields are empty (for readability purposes) but gives undesired result
                    s when sorting the columns that contain empty values.  Julie asked to remove the sort option for 
                    the first three columns (check number, check date, Invoice#).  New date range works on check date
                    .
V-R- -   12191201 E Convert Report for Payables into ASI Anyware
                    Convert Report for Payables into ASI Anyware
                    
                     1. Vendor Aging
                     2. Cash Requirements
                     3. AP Vendor Analysis
                     4. Vendor Master List
                     5. AP Mailing List
                     6. Monthly Tax
                     7. Tax Distribution Schedule
                     8. MTD Destination Subtotals
                     9. Tax Schedule By Customer
                     10. Vendor 1099 Report
                     11. AP Accounts by Vendor
                     12. AP Invoices by Vendor
                     13. AP Check Register
                     14. 1099-MISC 
V-R-1-   01171307 E Add "Terms" field for each vendor
                    
                    Display Terms Description for each vendor after the Vendor name.
                    Add this field to the Excel output as well.
                    
V-R-1-   02171202 E Add Vendor Type as sort field.
                    1)  Add From Vendor Type ___    To Vendor Type ________
                          to the print selection parameter screen of the VR1.
                    
                    2)  Add the field Vendor Type on the Report.
                          Change Column Titile to   PHONE  -  TYPE
                         The report currently prints like this
                    
                    STONE         Stone Container Corp 
                                          (215) 687-1000
                    
                    Note the Phone Number prints to far Right
                    Move the Phone Number to the Left under the Vendor Name
                    Print the Vendor Type Description to the Right under the Name
                    After Modification it should look something like this
                    
                    VENDOR#  NAME
                    PHONE -  TYPE
                    
                    STONE         Stone Container Corp 
                    (215) 687-1000     Board Supplier
V-R-1-   04281405 E Add Filters for "ACH Vendors Only" and "Exclude ACH Vendors"
                    Add toggle boxes:
                    "ACH Vendors Only" and "Exclude ACH Vendors".
                    
                    These toggle boxes should filter the vendor list, exactly the same way the vendor list is filtere
                    d in VB1.
                    When ACH Vendors Only is checked, Exclude ACH Vendors should be unchecked and vice versa. They bo
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 268

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    th should be able to be unchecked.
                    When ACH Vendors Only is checked, only vendors marked as ACH in the VF1 file should be returned. 
                     When Exclude ACH Vendors is checked, only vendors that are NOT marked as ACH vendors should be r
                    eturned in the report.
V-R-1-   05071007 E Add Period Days sort fields to vendor aging report (pls update quote p
                    Add Period Age Days to be able to change the column sort days to whatever the user wants.  Use th
                    e AR Aging report (see attachment for example).
                    
                    05/18/10 (AH) added 4 period days entry to make it the same as previous version of the VR1 report
                    .
                    
V-R-1-   11081007 E Add Company Range to Report for Printing Multiple Company Aging
                    Add Company Range to Report for Printing Multiple Company Aging
                    
V-R-1-2  01311102 E Add toggle to run by post date or invoice date
                    Add toggle to run by post date or invoice date
V-R-1-2  04111308 E Add Detail Report toggle with GL Account Range Filter
                    Add Toggle Box "Invoice Line Detail Report" to parameter screen below the existing parameters.
                    When this box is checked, an additional: Begin GL Account field and End GL Account field will bec
                    ome available for editing.
                    In the detail report the output should display each AP Invoice line item, with the following fiel
                    ds:
                    Invoice #, GL Account, Vendor, Description,Invoice Date and Amount
                    A grand total of the amount should display at the bottom. 
                    These figures will only be line item amounts, no tax or freight amounts will print when checked.
                    
                    The Excel output should print full lines of data so as to enable AutoFiltering on the vendor and 
                    GL-Account columns.
V-R-1-3  01311104 E Add toggle to run by post date or invoice date
                    Add toggle to run by post date or invoice date
V-R-1-3  02171005 E Printing some line items twice.
                    Report is still printing some line itmes twice on second portion of report to show the account nu
                    mbers.  See attachment.
V-R-1-3  06061106 E Add Bank code range.
                    Need to add bank code range to the print screen.  It is only printing the main  bank account info
                    rmation.  No where to choose another bank.
                    fieldname = bank-code
V-R-1-3  10290902 E Add toggle box to print Invoice account numbers.
                    Add a new toggle box on the check register print screen to show all general ledger account number
                    s posted on the original AP invoices that display on this report.  You can take the code from the
                     VC3 check register report.  It is doing exactly what she wants when checking the print invoice G
                    L Account) toggle box. see attachment. When checked print out second part of report listing the g
                    l account numbers like VC3.
V-R-1-3  11041104 E Add Bank code range.
                    Need to add bank code range to the print screen.  It is only printing the main  bank account info
                    rmation.  No where to choose another bank.
                    fieldname = bank-code
V-R-1-5  04171404 E N-K Reports  VR15 New AP Detail Check Register with Account Number det
                    N-K-1 Reports
                    View Form = VR15   
                    Default Button will Transfer Fields on the Attached Report.
                    New Report should sort by Check# 
                    
                    New Report Menu
                    Copy Report VR13 and keep same Print Parameters
                    We are adding new Fields per Attachement.
                    .  
                    New Menu = Check Register by GL# 
                    This report will show general ledger account number detail.  
                    See attachments for setup.
                    Copy Report VR13.  
                    Use page 1 for the check number detail and the 2nd page to pull the account number detail, but us
                    e the format attached.
V-R-2-   06061407 E N-K Reports  View Business Forms = VR2   (See Attached)
                    N-K-1 Reports,   View Form Tab   Character Value = VR2   Logical Value = Yes
                    New Columns Selectable by User  with DEFAULT button for Standard Report
                    Customer will be able to select fields to print on report.
                    Customer will be able to add/remove columns & resequence columns.
                    Report will have same Sort and Print Range Options
                    See Attached Screen Shot.
                    *)  Vendor                      This will print on every line
                    *)  Invoice#    
                    *)  Date/Due Date 
                    *)  1Gross                       Labels on Report = Gross              
                    *)  1 Disc                         Labels on Report = Disc   
                    *)  2Gross                       Labels on Report = Gross                  
                    *)  2 Disc                         Labels on Report = Disc 
                    *)  3Gross                       Labels on Report = Gross                  
                    *  3 Disc                         Labels on Report = Disc 
                    *)  Old Gross                 Labels on Report = Gross                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 269

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    *  Old Disc                    Labels on Report = Disc 
                    *  Total Gross                      Labels on Report = Total Gross 
                    *  Total Disc                         Labels on Report = Total Disc 
                    *) New Field                 1)  Terms          (Print the Vendor Terms Code)
                    *) New Field                 2)  Days Old     (Days from Invioce Date)
                    *) New Field                 3)  CC/ACH       (Print Yes if Check in VF1 or Print No if Unchecked
                    )
                    
                    
V-R-2-   11081009 E Add Company Range to Report
                    Add Company Range to Report 
                    Ability to run AP Cash Requirement for multiple selected companies with the company clearly state
                    d on report.
                    
                    Add toggle box Show Company?  If checked, will show company in another column.
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
V-R-3-   11061423 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value VR3  Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (V-R-3)   
                    AP Vendor Analysis Report
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
V-R-3-   11081008 E Add Company Range to Report for Printing Multiple Company Aging
                    Add Company Range to Report 
                    For ability to run AP Vendor Analysis with the company range stated on report.
                    
                    
                    
V-R-4-   11061424 E N-K Reports Business Forms Char Value VR4  Log Value = YES
                    N-K-1 Reports,  View Forms   Logical Value = Yes.  (V-R-4)   
                    Vendor Master List
                    1) Convert Legacy Report to Report Writer Format.
                    2) Remove All Toggle Boxes that Select Fields
                    3) Fields from Toggle Box will be added to AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    4) All Fields on Legacy Report will be Available to Select as AVAILABLE COLUMN
                    5) Add DEFAULT button to Copy Fields on Legacy Report to SELECTED COLUMNS.
                    6) Transfer All  Print selection Ranges from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    7) Transfer All  Sort Options from Legacy Report will match New Report
                    8) Transfer All  Toggle Box Options from Legacy Report to New Report
                    
                    Include all fields from the DETAIL toggle Box.
V-R-7-   06031403 E New Tax report instead of old one.
                    See attachment for setup.
                    
                    Tax Code      Tax Rate         Gross Sales $       Taxable $          Exempt $              Tax $
                    
                    ______________________________________________________________________
                    
                    
                    Tax Code = Tax Code
                    Tax Rate = Tax Rate from tax code file
                    Gross Sales = Gross sales including Credit/Debit memos from AR
                    Taxable Sales = Total taxable sales billed from invoicing
                    Exempt $ = Gross Sales minus 
                    Taxable $ = Total Tax billed from invoicing
                    
V-R-7-   09081109 E Do not page break for each individual tax code
                    Do not page break for each individual tax code.  Wasting way too much paper.
                    Fit as many on each page.
V-T- -   11261201 E Convert Track Bank Reconciliation into ASI Anyware
                    Convert Track Bank Reconciliation into ASI Anyware
                    
                     1. Bank Reconciliation
                     2. Reconciliation Register
                     3. Reconciliation Report 
V-T-1-   12051205 E Bank Reconciliation - Add Yellow sort bar at top of columns
                    Add yellow ascending/descending bar at top of columns
                    Important column is the amount column if alot cheaper
V-U-1-   01311403 E Changes to VU1 Browser
                    BRWSE Invoice Tab shows all the Open Invoices that have not Posted.
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 270

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    1)  Add new Column  called STATUS to Browser.
                         This will display the field from the VIEW Tab which is updated via the Hold/Release Button.
                         Make new Columns Yellow to Sort 
                    
                    2)   Change Invoice Search to 
                           FROM Date _______   To DATE.   
                           When they type FROM Date, This Same Date will transfer to FROM Date.
                           Then they can change the FROM date if needed to Expand the Search.
                           This will limit Invoices on Browser to that Range.
                    
V-U-1-   03241107 E Account number to Import from Invoice History
                    ADD new accounts payable invoice.   If the PO# is entered, logic exists to import the proper Gene
                    ral Ledger Account Number (GL Account #).   However, if the PO# is blank, the GL account number i
                    mports from the Vendor File.   If the Vendor File does not have a GL Account number, the account 
                    number is being left blank on the vendor invoice line item.
                    
                    New Logic for importing GL Account#
                    Import from the purchases account number in the AP Control file from V-F-6
                    Blank is Not Valid.   GL Account Number must be entered.
V-U-1-   05101106 E If freight is entered on PO,  Transfer to AP Invoice  (Old Task 022105
                    If freight is entered on PO for raw material, transfer to AP invoice.
                    This now works based on N-K-1 FGPOFRT logical value = YES for Finished Goods.
                    
                    Check M-U-1 database to see if Freight Field Exist.
                    This would be required to do this task.
V-U-1-   05211001 E N-K APAutoCheck  via New Field called Manual Check#
                    N-K-1 APAutoCheck invoice to automatically create a Manual Check.
                    Logical Value = Yes will invoke the logic when AP invoices are posted.
                    Add Temp field at top of screen call Manual Check#
                    When logical value = Yes, the Manual Check field will be modifable.
                    When updated, the AP Invoice posting program via V-U-3 will create a Manual Check in V-C-2
                    V-C-2 Data Fields will be Transferred from V-U-1 as Follows:
                    Vendor,  Bank, Check#, Check Amount, Check Date, Amount, Invoice# and Payment Amount.
V-U-1-   08201401 E Add Date Rec'd on F1 Lookup on PO#
                    Add accounts payable Invioce.
                    After the top portion of the payable screen is completed you save and go to the bottom section.  
                    
                    
                    Click Add and press F1 in the PO Number field.
                    This lists all un-invoiced receicpts for that vendor to select for this invoice.
                    
                    MOD
                    Add new Column = Receipt Date
                    This will allow user to verify the payable date and the receipt are in the same month.
                    
                    Add new MOVE button at bottom.
                    This will allow each user to move the columns in the sequential order that desire.
                    
                    
V-U-3-   03161104 E N-K GLPOST - New Parameter - Do not Post AP Invoice Out of Period
                    Create a new Parameter = N-K-1 GLPOST.   
                    Description = Post AP Invoices within current period only?   
                    Logical Value = NO as Default.
                    Character Value =  User Defined Password to be entered when Logical Value = YES.
                    
                    If logical value is set to YES, then this feature will be turned on. 
                    This will check the invoice dates entered in VU1 against the corresponding 
                    "CURRENT" period set up in the company file for TODAYS Date.
                    If the invoice dates are not within the same period as the post date entered then pop up a messag
                    e that says 
                    
                    ***CAN NOT POST OUT OF PERIOD, ENTER SECURITY PASSWORD OR  ENTER TO               RETURN***
                    
                    If a password is entered, validate it against the character value. 
                    If correct PASSWORD is typed, then allow to post.
                    If no password is entered and they hit return, return to post date field to re-enter.
                    
                    
                    To verify that the invoice and post dates are within the same period use the GF1 (Company File, O
                    pen periods tab)
V-W- -   11091205 E Convert 'Write AP Credit/Debit Memos' into ASI Anyware
                    Convert 'Write AP Credit/Debit Memos'  into ASI Anyware
                    
                     1. Add/Edit DB/CR Memos
                     2. Debit/Credit Register
V-W-2-   03241110 E Do not allow register to post if memos are out of balance
                    Do not allow register to post if memos are out of balance.  
                    Currently it is allowing gl to post out of balance.  See attachment
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 271

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    If GRAND TOTAL of report is not equal to zero, DO NOT prompt to POST.
                    Display Message, Cannot post, transaction is out of balance.
V-W-2-   08191001 E Add date range for posting.
                    Add a date range to credit/debit memo posting screen.  Only memos within the date range entered s
                    hould post.
V-W-2-   09271107 E N-K AuditDir - Change logic for VW2 to save to disk
                    The N-K-1 AuditDir  parameter is used to save the AUDIT TRAILS to Disk Drive.
                    For example A-U-4 already has this logic.
                    This replaced the files being saved to the RCODE directory.
                    N-K-1 AuditDir Character Value houses the name of the Folder to save the data files.
                    For Example, ASI stores other posting reports know as Audit Trails to the following Disk Drive.
                    P:\ASI10Test\Rco1010\Audit 001\AUDIT TRAILS
                    
                    Change Logic for the V-W-2 Debit/Credit Register to save to the Disk Drive folder defined under t
                    he character value when posting = Yes.  
                    Program name is ap/r-dbcrap.r
                    
                    This is ONLY Save to Disk when the user clicks YES to Post !
W-R-1-   02051005 E Addons Add Output to Excel to WR1 report
                    When I click output to excel
                    ** Unable to open file: .  Errno=2. (98)
W-R-2-   02051006 E Addons Add Output to Excel to WR2 report
                    Addons Add Output to Excel to WR2 report
Z- - -   01131004 E Create File Definitions on GUI Manual for Following:
                    Client need to develop reports.  They need to know the tables containing the information I want. 
                    
                    Please note, calculated fields will not be in a table 
                    Most will pull from the WIP Actual File.   Please defined File Definition used by following Repor
                    ts.
                    
                    Waste report:
                    Job #     
                    Job close day
                    Customer
                    Qty produced at each machine for that job
                    Waste reported
                     
                    Closed jobs analysis:
                    Job#
                    Job Qty
                    Customer
                    Qty Produced at each machine for that job
                     
                    Closed jobs analysis 2:
                    J-R-5
                     
Z- - -   02081201 E Help Desk Customer Maintenance
                    See Attached.
                    CUSTOMER VIEW  TAB 
                    Add following fields.
                    Progress Renewal Date 12/31/2012
                    Progress Database Serial#  WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
                    Progress Client Ntwk Serial#  WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
                    Progress App Server Serial#  WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
                    Progress App Client   Serial#  WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
                    
                    
                    COMPUTER Tab
                    Change Labels per Attached
                    
Z- - -   02141203 E Help Desk Customer Maintenance
                    COMPUTER Tab
                    Change Labels per Attached
                    2/14/2012 (John)  - Joe approved by email.
                    
                    
                    Example of layout:
                    
                    Progress Renewal Date:  12/31/2013
                    Progress Version:  10.2B
                    User Units: 40
                    
                    Workgroup
                    Serial : 004168871
                    Control Number: XGAR9-TPEEN-K4CY2
                    
                    Client Networking
                    Serial : 004168872
                    Control Number: XRCSS-6QEAN-K4G?J
                    
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 272

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    
                    
                    Note: See attached file for layout.
Z- - -   04161010 E Advantzware Conversion / Progress V10
                    Conversion Date: 11/4/2010 - 11/05/2010
                    
                    Daily Cost of Conversion $1,000 x 2 = $2,000
                    Progress V10 Disks - $125
                    Airfare Approx $500.
                    Hotel at Cost approx $100  x 3
                    Rental Car at Cost approx $75 x 3 
                    Meals at Cost appox. $35 x 3 
                    Airport Parking at Cost $25 x 3
                    Travel Time at $25 per Hour before 8 am and after 5PM Approx.  $300
                    
                    Task Requirements for ASI / Progress V10.00 Conversion
                    1) Install Progress 10.00 on Server and All Workstations
                    2) Install Progress Patch on Server
                    3) Install Advantzware Version 10
                    4) Configure Database settings on server
                    5) Change ASI Icon on all Computers
                    6) Transfer files from old server to new server.
                    7) Convert V5 Database to New V10 Database Structure
                    8) Load new ASI Helpdesk Database
                    9) Load new GUI Manual
                    
                    Upgrade Requires Server 2003 R2 or newer with 4-8 GB memory
                    Workstation Computer must be XP, Vista, Windows 7with 2GB - 4GB memory
Z- - -   04301006 E Auto Email Task to Client
                    When Adding a new task, SAVE button should create email and send to client listed on the  Custome
                    r Maintenance Modem Folder.  If email address is listed on the REPORTED by line, add that email t
                    o the SEND section of outlook.
                    
                    Automatic email will only occur when task is a status for BUG and only when adding.
                    This will provide a helpdesk task number to the client so they know we have a task created. 
                    
                    Upon any SAVE button, you could simply have prompt on SAVE buttton.
                    Create Email?
                    
                    YES, will generate email, just as clicking the MODEM form and clicking the email toggle box. 
                    
                    ESP - Assuming after notes are filled in e-mail question will come up if the description previous
                    ly was blank, otherwise they will be sent a blank task if it is just after creating task from the
                     task detail tab.  Not doing if customer is ASI.  Add "Task Created" to end of subject line.  Sen
                    d similar to enhancement form, not modem form.
Z- - -   07161011 E Advantzware Conversion / Progress V10
                    Daily Cost of Conversion $1,000 x 2 = $2,000
                    Progress V10 Disks - $125
                    Airfare Approx $500.
                    Hotel at Cost approx $100  x 3
                    Rental Car at Cost approx $75 x 3 
                    Meals at Cost appox. $35 x 3 
                    Airport Parking at Cost $25 x 3
                    Travel Time at $25 per Hour before 8 am and after 5PM Approx.  $300  
                    
                    Task Requirements for ASI / Progress V10.00 Conversion
                    1) Install Progress 10.00 on Server and All Workstations
                    2) Install Progress Patch on Server
                    3) Install Advantzware Version 10
                    4) Configure Database settings on server
                    5) Change ASI Icon on all Computers
                    6) Transfer files from old server to new server.
                    7) Convert V5 Database to New V10 Database Structure
                    8) Load new ASI Helpdesk Database
                    9) Load new GUI Manual
                    
                    Upgrade Requires Server 2003 R2 or newer with 4-8 GB memory
                    Workstation Computer must be XP, Vista, Windows 7with 2GB - 4GB memory
Z- - -   08131205 E Saul Clair Consulting for Machine Hour Rates
                    Saul Clair Consulting On Site 5 Hours $500
                    Saul Clair Consulting Off Site 4 Hours $400
                    AirFare     Delta Air	                      $347.15 
                    Hotel        Hilton Garden Inn 	 $191.36 
                    Taxi	                                              $20.00 
                    Meals    	                                              $35.00 
                    Philadelphia Airport Parking	   $25.30 
                    Travel Time (13hrs)                            $325.00
                    
                    Total Expenss                                    $943.81 
12/10/2014             Advanced Software Services, Inc.               4:24 PM
              Completed By Date & Programmer    Customer Report      Page: 273

Hot Keys Task#    T Overview
-------- -------- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    
                    $1843.51
Z- - -   09251207 E New Web Based Help Database - Password Protect "Update Help"
                    When a user clicks the "Update Help" button on the Help Screen, present a Password request.
                    The password can be hard-coded as  : 
                    Password  = advance4me
                    
                    The password entry should be masked and not display the characters that are being entered.
                    
                    If the password is not correct, present an error message:  "Invalid password.  Access denied." an
                    d do not enter edit mode.
                    
                    See attached picture of the password prompt from IR2.
                    
                    
Z- - -   11081203 E Advantzware Training December 10, 11 & 12
                    Advantzware Support must be Paid.
                    $1200 - Daily Cost of Training at $1200 per Day
                    $  300 -   Hotel at Cost approx $100  x 3
                    $  140 -   Meals at Cost appox. $35 x 4 
                    $  240-   Travel Time at $25 per Hour before 8 am and after 5PM Approx
                    $  400 -  Airfare  
                    $  200 -  Rental Car for 3 Days  
                    $    75 -  Airport Parking   
                    
                    Task Requirements  
                    A) Review and Train on New Version 10 Features
                         Contacts by Customer and Vendor & Emailing Services
                         EDI to Board Vendors
                         Maximizing Sceens and Changing Columns on Screens.
                         Output to Excel
                    B) Review Estimating Options such as Cad-Cam Integration and Partitions
                    C) Review adding and changing Sets/Kits with Assembly Operations
                    D) Review adding and changing Quotes
                    E) Reveiw adding and changing Orders
                    F) Review updading and adding Jobs with and without Orders
                    G) Printing Job TIckets
                    H) Creating Release / Pick Tickets
                    I)   Creating Bill of Lading
                    J)  Creating Invoicing
Z- - -   11171401 E FARM TAB Security
                    See Attached.      (Estimate 11940 and Job W11940)
                    We need Security for FARM Tab Buttons 
                    
                    1) Security for Folding Estimating
                    2) Security for Corrugated Estimating
                    
                    
                    The N-B  Build Security by Menu must list Security.
                    Also, Program Master must have security for the FARM Tab.
Z- - -   12081005 E Customer needs test database.
                    Customer needs test database for new label program.
                    
                    1) Copy customer's database from live to test.
                    2) Setup test database connection.
                    3) Setup icon for the test database. 
                    
                    $125.00 per hour
